[1394, 1437] Koushik Katta Devops  Hyderabad, Telangana - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Koushik-Katta/a6b19244854199ec  DevOps Administrator with an experience of 3.4 years working in a challenging agile environment, looking forward for a position where I can use my knowledge pursuing my domain interests. I'm more aligned to work for companies where knowledge and intellectual ability takes the lead which can utilize a performance driven individual efficiently.  WORK EXPERIENCE  Devops Engineer  Infosys limited -  Hyderabad, Telangana -  December 2014 to Present  Hyderabad, since December 2014 to till date.  Skill and Abilities: Atlassian Tools: Jira, Confluence Configuration Management: Ansible /Chef CI Tools: Jenkins Monitoring Tools: Nagios Cloud: AWS Containerization: Docker Build Tools: Bamboo\Maven Log Tools: Splunk Databases: RDBMS, MYSQL, Oracle Database Programming Languages: Python and Java Scripting: Power Shell Operating Systems: Windows, Linux family, Redhat Linux Middleware: Websphere, Tomcat, Websphere MQ  Responsibilities: DEVOPS ADMINISTRATOR INFOSYS LTD.  Atlassian tools Release Management according  Infosys limited -  December 2014 to Present  to project needs. ✓ Review and upgrade of Plugins to meet project requirements and to achieve better performance. ✓ Configuring Automated Mail handlers, Webhooks as POC to test the new demands raised by client.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Koushik-Katta/a6b19244854199ec?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   ✓ JIRA Project Management/Administration. ✓ Confluence Space Management/Administration. ✓ Bitbucket Project/Repository Management/Administration (Enterprise/DataCenter) ✓ Integration of Webhooks in Bitbucket. ✓ Streamlining tools access management with Crowd. 2. Administration and Maintenance of Jenkins ✓ Configure and maintain Jenkins slaves as per the requirement. ✓ Jenkins release management. ✓ Work closely with Development teams to configure CI/CD Pipelines to automate their build & deployment process. ✓ Review, Installation/Upgrade and configuration of Jenkins Plugins. ✓ Configuring proxy on the environments to enable security ✓ Debug build issues 3. Administration and Maintenance of Docker registry 4. Working with Open-Source Nagios plugins on demand basis to setup ICINGA monitoring for our on-premise Servers/Applications. 5. Alerting Setup Splunk. 6. Monitoring Dashboards setup using kibana. 7. Working with product support teams to resolve the product bugs. 8. Involve in client meetings and tool performance reviews to ensure stakeholder satisfaction. 9. Work closely with Infrastructure Teams to setup/maintain/improve the above mentioned application on large scale.  EDUCATION  Bachelor Of Engineering in Mechanical Engineering  Lovely Professional University  2010 to 2014  Secondary School Certificate in education  Board of Intermediate education -  Hyderabad, Telangana  2008 to 2010  Sister Nivedita School -  Karimnagar, Telangana  2008  SKILLS  Jira, Ansible, Jenkins, Splunk, Nagios, Docker, Python, AWS, Bamboo, Linux, Git, Chef, Windows, Powershell Scripting  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  • Ability to learn new technologies and processes rapidly and implement them in the project. • Highly motivated with very good problem solving and analytical skills Well organized, with excellent in multitasking and prioritizing the work.    • Effective communicator with an ability to convey ideas in speaking and writing. • Excellent analytical and decision making skills. • Ability to work in pressurized situation. • Hard worker and goal oriented. • Always ready to learn new skills
[2912, 3288] Yogesh Ghatole Engineer / Electrical Supervisor, Site at Shendra MIDC Aurangabad - Perkins India Ltd  Nagpur, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Yogesh-Ghatole/b381ddf132151a29  To work in a challenging environment demanding all my skills and efforts to explore and adapt myself in different fields and realize my potential where I get the opportunity for continuous learning. JOB PROFILE  WORK EXPERIENCE  Engineer / Electrical Supervisor, Site at Shendra MIDC Aurangabad  Perkins India Ltd -  Aurangabad, Maharashtra -  July 2017 to Present  Designation: Engineer / Electrical Supervisor, Site at Shendra MIDC Aurangabad. Department: Plant Engineering • Maintaining plant Utility • Facility maintenance • Handling BMS ( Building Management System) • Handling Project work • Maintaining Electrical Equipment • Handling Electricians, Technicians in plant. • Maintaining transformer, circuit breakers, UPS, AHUs, Motors, Two pole structure and total lighting system in plant • Maintaining Plant Shutters (RAD), Motorized shutters • Maintaining daily Reading work formats • Maintaining electrical items like LT, HT MCC Panels DB's, OH Lights, Industrial fans, • Reporting to section head in shift ending on daily basis  Engineer - Service at Infosys Ltd. Ph  Blue Star Ltd -  Pune, Maharashtra -  October 2016 to June 2017  -2 • Handling York Make, centrifugal chillers. • Operating &amp; maintenance DOAS unit, Actuators, HRW, Fresh Air Exhaust • Operating BMS (Building management system) • Operating &amp; maintenance of AHU s, Pumps, Cooling Towers, CSUs, FCUs, ECUs. • CFM adjustment, airflow adjustment. • Handling Technicians, Electricians &amp; Operators team. • Handling daily escalation of heat/cool complaints.  Shift Supervisor  https://www.indeed.com/r/Yogesh-Ghatole/b381ddf132151a29?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   MAHINDRA & MAHINDRA LTD -  Nagpur, Maharashtra -  January 2013 to February 2016  NAGPUR) Jan 2013 to Feb 2016 (Tractor Manufacturing Plant) Total Year of Experience: 3 years Designation: Shift Supervisor &amp; Diploma Trainee Electrical Engineer Department: Central Maintenance Job Responsibilities • Handling complete shift planning • Maintaining transformer, circuit breakers, four pole structure and total lighting system in plant • Maintaining of plant PAC, AC's (Blue star &amp; Voltas) • Preventive maintenance planning &amp; attacking breakdowns • Maintaining plant utility. • Maintaining daily work management formats • Maintaining electrical items like DB's, OH Lights, Industrial fans, water coolers. • Reporting to section head in shift ending on daily basis • Handling Electricians in plant.  EDUCATION  Diploma in Electrical Engineering  Nagpur Polytechnic -  Nagpur, Maharashtra  2012  H.S.C in State Board  Shree Binzani nagar College -  Nagpur, Maharashtra  2004  S.S.C in State Board  Indira Gandhi High School -  Nagpur, Maharashtra  2002  Institute / Board  SKILLS  40 WPM (Less than 1 year), AUTOCAD (Less than 1 year), EXCEL (Less than 1 year), MS EXCEL (Less than 1 year), MS OFFICE (Less than 1 year)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  SOFTWARE SKILLS • Completed successfully MS-CIT MS Office - Basic Computer Course (MS Word, MS Excel, MS Power Point &amp; Internet) AutoCAD in Electrical    • Good English, Marathi, &amp; Hindi Typing Skills (30-40 Wpm)
[2721, 2725] Yogesh Ghatole Engineer / Electrical Supervisor, Site at Shendra MIDC Aurangabad - Perkins India Ltd  Nagpur, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Yogesh-Ghatole/b381ddf132151a29  To work in a challenging environment demanding all my skills and efforts to explore and adapt myself in different fields and realize my potential where I get the opportunity for continuous learning. JOB PROFILE  WORK EXPERIENCE  Engineer / Electrical Supervisor, Site at Shendra MIDC Aurangabad  Perkins India Ltd -  Aurangabad, Maharashtra -  July 2017 to Present  Designation: Engineer / Electrical Supervisor, Site at Shendra MIDC Aurangabad. Department: Plant Engineering • Maintaining plant Utility • Facility maintenance • Handling BMS ( Building Management System) • Handling Project work • Maintaining Electrical Equipment • Handling Electricians, Technicians in plant. • Maintaining transformer, circuit breakers, UPS, AHUs, Motors, Two pole structure and total lighting system in plant • Maintaining Plant Shutters (RAD), Motorized shutters • Maintaining daily Reading work formats • Maintaining electrical items like LT, HT MCC Panels DB's, OH Lights, Industrial fans, • Reporting to section head in shift ending on daily basis  Engineer - Service at Infosys Ltd. Ph  Blue Star Ltd -  Pune, Maharashtra -  October 2016 to June 2017  -2 • Handling York Make, centrifugal chillers. • Operating &amp; maintenance DOAS unit, Actuators, HRW, Fresh Air Exhaust • Operating BMS (Building management system) • Operating &amp; maintenance of AHU s, Pumps, Cooling Towers, CSUs, FCUs, ECUs. • CFM adjustment, airflow adjustment. • Handling Technicians, Electricians &amp; Operators team. • Handling daily escalation of heat/cool complaints.  Shift Supervisor  https://www.indeed.com/r/Yogesh-Ghatole/b381ddf132151a29?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   MAHINDRA & MAHINDRA LTD -  Nagpur, Maharashtra -  January 2013 to February 2016  NAGPUR) Jan 2013 to Feb 2016 (Tractor Manufacturing Plant) Total Year of Experience: 3 years Designation: Shift Supervisor &amp; Diploma Trainee Electrical Engineer Department: Central Maintenance Job Responsibilities • Handling complete shift planning • Maintaining transformer, circuit breakers, four pole structure and total lighting system in plant • Maintaining of plant PAC, AC's (Blue star &amp; Voltas) • Preventive maintenance planning &amp; attacking breakdowns • Maintaining plant utility. • Maintaining daily work management formats • Maintaining electrical items like DB's, OH Lights, Industrial fans, water coolers. • Reporting to section head in shift ending on daily basis • Handling Electricians in plant.  EDUCATION  Diploma in Electrical Engineering  Nagpur Polytechnic -  Nagpur, Maharashtra  2012  H.S.C in State Board  Shree Binzani nagar College -  Nagpur, Maharashtra  2004  S.S.C in State Board  Indira Gandhi High School -  Nagpur, Maharashtra  2002  Institute / Board  SKILLS  40 WPM (Less than 1 year), AUTOCAD (Less than 1 year), EXCEL (Less than 1 year), MS EXCEL (Less than 1 year), MS OFFICE (Less than 1 year)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  SOFTWARE SKILLS • Completed successfully MS-CIT MS Office - Basic Computer Course (MS Word, MS Excel, MS Power Point &amp; Internet) AutoCAD in Electrical    • Good English, Marathi, &amp; Hindi Typing Skills (30-40 Wpm)
[2678, 2719] Yogesh Ghatole Engineer / Electrical Supervisor, Site at Shendra MIDC Aurangabad - Perkins India Ltd  Nagpur, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Yogesh-Ghatole/b381ddf132151a29  To work in a challenging environment demanding all my skills and efforts to explore and adapt myself in different fields and realize my potential where I get the opportunity for continuous learning. JOB PROFILE  WORK EXPERIENCE  Engineer / Electrical Supervisor, Site at Shendra MIDC Aurangabad  Perkins India Ltd -  Aurangabad, Maharashtra -  July 2017 to Present  Designation: Engineer / Electrical Supervisor, Site at Shendra MIDC Aurangabad. Department: Plant Engineering • Maintaining plant Utility • Facility maintenance • Handling BMS ( Building Management System) • Handling Project work • Maintaining Electrical Equipment • Handling Electricians, Technicians in plant. • Maintaining transformer, circuit breakers, UPS, AHUs, Motors, Two pole structure and total lighting system in plant • Maintaining Plant Shutters (RAD), Motorized shutters • Maintaining daily Reading work formats • Maintaining electrical items like LT, HT MCC Panels DB's, OH Lights, Industrial fans, • Reporting to section head in shift ending on daily basis  Engineer - Service at Infosys Ltd. Ph  Blue Star Ltd -  Pune, Maharashtra -  October 2016 to June 2017  -2 • Handling York Make, centrifugal chillers. • Operating &amp; maintenance DOAS unit, Actuators, HRW, Fresh Air Exhaust • Operating BMS (Building management system) • Operating &amp; maintenance of AHU s, Pumps, Cooling Towers, CSUs, FCUs, ECUs. • CFM adjustment, airflow adjustment. • Handling Technicians, Electricians &amp; Operators team. • Handling daily escalation of heat/cool complaints.  Shift Supervisor  https://www.indeed.com/r/Yogesh-Ghatole/b381ddf132151a29?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   MAHINDRA & MAHINDRA LTD -  Nagpur, Maharashtra -  January 2013 to February 2016  NAGPUR) Jan 2013 to Feb 2016 (Tractor Manufacturing Plant) Total Year of Experience: 3 years Designation: Shift Supervisor &amp; Diploma Trainee Electrical Engineer Department: Central Maintenance Job Responsibilities • Handling complete shift planning • Maintaining transformer, circuit breakers, four pole structure and total lighting system in plant • Maintaining of plant PAC, AC's (Blue star &amp; Voltas) • Preventive maintenance planning &amp; attacking breakdowns • Maintaining plant utility. • Maintaining daily work management formats • Maintaining electrical items like DB's, OH Lights, Industrial fans, water coolers. • Reporting to section head in shift ending on daily basis • Handling Electricians in plant.  EDUCATION  Diploma in Electrical Engineering  Nagpur Polytechnic -  Nagpur, Maharashtra  2012  H.S.C in State Board  Shree Binzani nagar College -  Nagpur, Maharashtra  2004  S.S.C in State Board  Indira Gandhi High School -  Nagpur, Maharashtra  2002  Institute / Board  SKILLS  40 WPM (Less than 1 year), AUTOCAD (Less than 1 year), EXCEL (Less than 1 year), MS EXCEL (Less than 1 year), MS OFFICE (Less than 1 year)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  SOFTWARE SKILLS • Completed successfully MS-CIT MS Office - Basic Computer Course (MS Word, MS Excel, MS Power Point &amp; Internet) AutoCAD in Electrical    • Good English, Marathi, &amp; Hindi Typing Skills (30-40 Wpm)
[2643, 2676] Yogesh Ghatole Engineer / Electrical Supervisor, Site at Shendra MIDC Aurangabad - Perkins India Ltd  Nagpur, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Yogesh-Ghatole/b381ddf132151a29  To work in a challenging environment demanding all my skills and efforts to explore and adapt myself in different fields and realize my potential where I get the opportunity for continuous learning. JOB PROFILE  WORK EXPERIENCE  Engineer / Electrical Supervisor, Site at Shendra MIDC Aurangabad  Perkins India Ltd -  Aurangabad, Maharashtra -  July 2017 to Present  Designation: Engineer / Electrical Supervisor, Site at Shendra MIDC Aurangabad. Department: Plant Engineering • Maintaining plant Utility • Facility maintenance • Handling BMS ( Building Management System) • Handling Project work • Maintaining Electrical Equipment • Handling Electricians, Technicians in plant. • Maintaining transformer, circuit breakers, UPS, AHUs, Motors, Two pole structure and total lighting system in plant • Maintaining Plant Shutters (RAD), Motorized shutters • Maintaining daily Reading work formats • Maintaining electrical items like LT, HT MCC Panels DB's, OH Lights, Industrial fans, • Reporting to section head in shift ending on daily basis  Engineer - Service at Infosys Ltd. Ph  Blue Star Ltd -  Pune, Maharashtra -  October 2016 to June 2017  -2 • Handling York Make, centrifugal chillers. • Operating &amp; maintenance DOAS unit, Actuators, HRW, Fresh Air Exhaust • Operating BMS (Building management system) • Operating &amp; maintenance of AHU s, Pumps, Cooling Towers, CSUs, FCUs, ECUs. • CFM adjustment, airflow adjustment. • Handling Technicians, Electricians &amp; Operators team. • Handling daily escalation of heat/cool complaints.  Shift Supervisor  https://www.indeed.com/r/Yogesh-Ghatole/b381ddf132151a29?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   MAHINDRA & MAHINDRA LTD -  Nagpur, Maharashtra -  January 2013 to February 2016  NAGPUR) Jan 2013 to Feb 2016 (Tractor Manufacturing Plant) Total Year of Experience: 3 years Designation: Shift Supervisor &amp; Diploma Trainee Electrical Engineer Department: Central Maintenance Job Responsibilities • Handling complete shift planning • Maintaining transformer, circuit breakers, four pole structure and total lighting system in plant • Maintaining of plant PAC, AC's (Blue star &amp; Voltas) • Preventive maintenance planning &amp; attacking breakdowns • Maintaining plant utility. • Maintaining daily work management formats • Maintaining electrical items like DB's, OH Lights, Industrial fans, water coolers. • Reporting to section head in shift ending on daily basis • Handling Electricians in plant.  EDUCATION  Diploma in Electrical Engineering  Nagpur Polytechnic -  Nagpur, Maharashtra  2012  H.S.C in State Board  Shree Binzani nagar College -  Nagpur, Maharashtra  2004  S.S.C in State Board  Indira Gandhi High School -  Nagpur, Maharashtra  2002  Institute / Board  SKILLS  40 WPM (Less than 1 year), AUTOCAD (Less than 1 year), EXCEL (Less than 1 year), MS EXCEL (Less than 1 year), MS OFFICE (Less than 1 year)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  SOFTWARE SKILLS • Completed successfully MS-CIT MS Office - Basic Computer Course (MS Word, MS Excel, MS Power Point &amp; Internet) AutoCAD in Electrical    • Good English, Marathi, &amp; Hindi Typing Skills (30-40 Wpm)
[1704, 1746] Mohini Gupta Server Support Engineer  Gurgaon, Haryana - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Mohini-Gupta/08b5b8e1acd8cf07  Willing to relocate: Anywhere  WORK EXPERIENCE  Server Support Engineer  Microsoft -  July 2015 to November 2017  Key Responsibilities: ● Worked as Technical Support Engineer for Microsoft Enterprise Platforms Support.  ● Worked in U.S., U.K., India & APAC time zones.  ● Always available (24X7) for any explanation, support or information required by team, client and managers.  ● Configuring, deploying and troubleshooting SCCM with remote/local SQL. ● Perform Software distribution and ensure successful deployment on end assets. ● Patch management of servers and end user estate along with troubleshooting. ● Performed on checks through server, to perform server operations, check services, analyzed the logs to check the communication from the new server to the primary server and vice versa, also checked server's communication with its client. ● Setting up new packages along with new collection. ● Collection of inventory i.e. hardware inventory and software inventory. ● Troubleshooting client connectivity and package installation issues by analysis of logs. ● Working on incidents logged by end users as a daily activity. ● Fixing operational issues and performing installation or un-installation of applications. ● Create new groups, add users and grant permissions. ● Good understanding of SCCM architecture, operations and management. ● Knowledge of Active Directory and networking required in SCCM environment. ● Deploying Operating System with SCCM.  Server Support Engg.  Convergys -  July 2015 to November 2017  Server Support Engg.  EDUCATION  B.tech  https://www.indeed.com/r/Mohini-Gupta/08b5b8e1acd8cf07?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   KIIT college of Engg.  SKILLS  active directory, iis, sccm, dhcp, sql, wsus, dns  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Computer Skills ● MS Office Tools: MS Excel, MS Word, MS Power Point. ● Hands on experience on all versions of Windows. ● Sound knowledge of internet and networking. ● Coding Languages: C, C++, Java.  Other Information ● Regular Swimmer. ● Interested in playing Table Tennis, Lawn Tennis. ● Professional Proficiency: English and Hindi  I hereby declare that all the above particulars are true to the best of my knowledge.  PLACE: Gurgaon (MOHINI GUPTA)
[1584, 1588] Madhava Konjeti HR Executive  Bengaluru, Karnataka - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Madhava- Konjeti/964a277f6ace570c  To contribute to the team success by working in a positive environment with learning orientation and a motive to grow professionally and personally.  Willing to relocate to: andhra pradesh - karnataka - south India  WORK EXPERIENCE  HR Trainee Associate  Founding Years Learning Solutions -  Bangalore Urban, Karnataka -  August 2017 to Present  Responsibilities : 1.On boarding process 2.Organising and coordinating with centres in pan India for new joiners joining formalities 3.Updating data base with all new joiners information for payroll process 4.Interacting with banks in order to open accounts for new joiners 5.Actively taking part in other tasks of joining formalities  HR Executive in Infosys  Recruitment -  September 2016 to April 2017  • Working with in the team to achieve overall team target • Screening the resumes • Interacting with candidates and assessing their skillsets • Organising interviews • Follow up  Personal Strength • Good inter personal skills • Confidence • Self-motivated • Creative • Presentation skills  HR Intern  Central Mall -  Bangalore, Karnataka -  September 2016 to September 2016  1month 10days  https://www.indeed.com/r/Madhava-Konjeti/964a277f6ace570c?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN https://www.indeed.com/r/Madhava-Konjeti/964a277f6ace570c?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   Bellandur (BBM Project) 2. Aegis, ITPL, HR Intern 2months 4days Bangalore (MBA project) 3. Infosys HR Executive September2016 -April  EDUCATION  MBA  Visvesvaraya Technological University  2014 to 2016  BBM in education  New Horizon College, (Bangalore University) -  Bangalore, Karnataka  2010 to 2013  S.S.C  Vijnana Vihara School  August 2007  SKILLS  excel, powerpoint, vlookup, formula, filters, paint, recruitment, (1 year)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Looking to joining in profiles relating to payroll or recruitment or operations in HR domain
[2088, 2132] Yathishwaran P Maximo Consultant - Infosys Limited  Namakkal, Tamil Nadu - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Yathishwaran-P/a9c8d42210af40b8  • Maximo Consultant in Infosys Limited, Chennai from August 2013 till date (around 4.8 years) • IT professional with 4.4 years of experience in BIRT reporting, application support in IBM MAXIMO Application. • IBM Certified MAXIMO ASSET MANAGEMENT, PURCHASE ORDER, PROCUREMENT, PURCHASE REQUISITION Professional • Submitted Internal tutorial document on Configuration of Hover Dialogs and Its usage in Maximo V7.6 • Worked on various customer requirements and having overall experience with ➢ Preventive Maintenance ➢ Maximo automation and implementation ➢ MBO customizations ➢ Data Supply chain ➢ Portals, Workflows Designing ➢ Reports/Query Creation ➢ Work order tracking, Invoicing, Purchase order ➢ Asset Management ➢ Maximo Integration Framework (MIF) ➢ Labors, Crews, Security Group Set up ➢ Domains, Database configuration ➢ Basics of BIRT, Cognos Reporting, Monitor logs from Admin console. ➢ Maximo Java customization ➢ Maximo Installation/Upgradation ➢ Basic WebSphere function  • Strong interpersonal skills and the ability to work in team efficiently. Customer Service support experience in a helpdesk environment. • Strong dedication towards work to ensure delivery of projects according to the schedules. Proactively approached for delivering excellent customer service and liaising with stakeholders. • Ambitious, enthusiastic and highly motivated person with excellent problem solving skills and also having ability to quickly master new technologies and skills. • Maintains effective work behavior in the face of setbacks or pressure. Strong multi-tasking capability, target and deadline oriented. • Engaging and resilient communicator demonstrating influencing skills and an ability to adapt approaches to differing situations  Willing to relocate to: Chennai, Tamil Nadu - Mysore, Karnataka - Bengaluru, Karnataka  WORK EXPERIENCE  Maximo Consultant  Infosys Limited -  Chennai, Tamil Nadu -  August 2013 to Present  https://www.indeed.com/r/Yathishwaran-P/a9c8d42210af40b8?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   around 4.8 years) • IT professional with 4.4 years of experience in BIRT reporting, application support in IBM MAXIMO Application. • IBM Certified MAXIMO ASSET MANAGEMENT, PURCHASE ORDER, PROCUREMENT, PURCHASE REQUISITION Professional • Submitted Internal tutorial document on Configuration of Hover Dialogs and Its usage in Maximo V7.6 • Worked on various customer requirements and having overall experience with ➢ Preventive Maintenance ➢ Maximo automation and implementation ➢ MBO customizations ➢ Data Supply chain ➢ Portals, Workflows Designing ➢ Reports/Query Creation ➢ Work order tracking, Invoicing, Purchase order ➢ Asset Management ➢ Maximo Integration Framework (MIF) ➢ Labors, Crews, Security Group Set up ➢ Domains, Database configuration ➢ Basics of BIRT, Cognos Reporting, Monitor logs from Admin console. ➢ Maximo Java customization ➢ Maximo Installation/Upgradation ➢ Basic WebSphere function  • Strong interpersonal skills and the ability to work in team efficiently. Customer Service support experience in a helpdesk environment. • Strong dedication towards work to ensure delivery of projects according to the schedules. Proactively approached for delivering excellent customer service and liaising with stakeholders. • Ambitious, enthusiastic and highly motivated person with excellent problem solving skills and also having ability to quickly master new technologies and skills. • Maintains effective work behavior in the face of setbacks or pressure. Strong multi-tasking capability, target and deadline oriented. • Engaging and resilient communicator demonstrating influencing skills and an ability to adapt approaches to differing situations  Role: Senior Systems Engineer • Working as Maximo Consultant for Bombardier Transportation, Canada  • Strong knowledge in Maximo configuration using Automation Scripting, Database configuration, Application Designer, Domains, Workflows and other major applications • Providing efficient solution for the issues related to Work orders, Asset configuration, Item Master, Preventive Maintenance, Inventory, Domain related issue • Thorough implementation, support knowledge of Bombardier Transportation Maximo version 4, 6, 7.1 and 7.6. • Having experience in Maximo Implementation, L2 and L3 support, and deployment activities • Having experience in Incident Management, Problem management, Change management, Service Request, and other applications. • Delivering 100% effectiveness in resolving ticket by ensuring compliance with client Service Level Agreements (SLAs)    • Developing Conditional Queries/Reports to verify the desired results. • Worked on various formal and informal production reports. • Created the template for maintaining the application maintenance activities. • Worked in many configuration management applications for asset management related activities for future implementation. • Working in 24*7 support. Resolved many critical issues which appreciated by client  BIRT Reports BTRAMR0001SYSER.rptdesign (Work order report): • My client was using default BTRAMR2 Work order reports. They also use a different work order report in Maximo V4 and V6. The earlier used report have many drawbacks such as  No Flexibility for modification since it is used by many divisions Empty boxes, lot of missing information Not align with Systems objectives and processes Historical context on the asset is missing Esthetical issues: Font too small, input fields not instinctive No bar coding used • The outcome of this report is a form to support technician's work and regulation and give them simplicity to input information. It covers the full spectra of requirements of System Services divisions. • This report is site specific one and it will display the WO details along with its task WOs and failure reporting information. • Each site is having their own logo. This current report will display the logo based on site. • It was implemented in V7.1 only. In V7.1 we do not have the option of auto resetting page numbers (i.e., while displaying multiple WOs, for each new WO page number will not be reset automatically) . I have implemented this option in this report. • Language Translation was used for this report in German and French • I did not use IBM templates for this report. I have customized our own template in this report.  BTRAMR0009.rptdesign (Availability Report):  • This particular report relates to the requirement of the business to be able to create a Availability Graph based on selected Train Assets, a timeframe and selected work types / work order parameters. • Availability can be calculated based on a Fleet or a single Train. The business requirement is to be able to select this base as needed to suit the project or view needed at that time.  BTRAMR0027.rptdesign (Card Stock Report): Existing report functionality: • Technician requiring a part will take the component in its bin along with an Inventory Card. The technician reports the consumption at the exit of the storeroom on the Kiosk computer where he scans its Work Order and the Inventory Card in the application Issue and Transfer of Maximo. When we rebuild something internally, the technician will bring the new assembly in store, grab the Inventory Card and he will report the return in store against the rebuilt Work order. Objectives: • Created a card stock report in order to match the existing Inventory Card tool developed by Systems. • Increase reporting of consumption    • Redefine the process of cycle count (80% efficiency in Systems) • The report will be based on inventory information and will introduce the notion of real time to increase precision  BTRAMR0001SBB.rptdesign (Report Change): • The report BTRAMR0001SBB was developed for the European project. It is based on the BTRAMR0001MLM report and currently uses only launch option 2 and 3 of the BTRAMR0001MLM report. The client requested to have option 1 (type=1) of the BTRAMR0001MLM implemented in the BTRAMR0001SBB report as well as the translation of the labels from French to English. Objectives: • To have define the type=1, report definition for BTRAMR0001SBB • To have the labels translated from French to English  BTRAMR0002.rptdesign (Systems Purchase Requisition Report):  • The current PR report does not have bar-coding feature and is formatted too small. This is an operational report; it will be used in real time. • Have a common and standardized PR report across all Systems services sites with the support of bar-coding  Incident Management Solution report: • The report displays the overall ticket progress. It shows count of tickets raised and assigned to both Infosys and Client queue. We can view the total no. of tickets raised for various application groups such as Maximo, Kronos and BIEM. It also further categories the ticket count based on ticket priority and the status. This helps in analyzing the data from ticketing tool. • There might be cases where different teams work on the tickets raised. This reports helps to analyses the team wise ticket count. We can there by monitor the performance of various teams. • This report displays the number of Incidents and Service Requests logged in each month. Also it shows total tickets (Incidents + Service requests) logged in each month. • This Report shows the number of tickets logged per country and it has been grouped month wise for various application groups such as Maximo, Kronos and BIEM within a date range.  Vend_Reported_hrs. rptdesign (Vendor Reported Hours): • This report will fetch the details of vendor type labor working hours for each WOs.  Role: Quality Anchor • Working as Quality Anchor for my team, which involves creating defect prevention analysis, tracking all the works and auditing for quality • Providing Statistics about the monthly activities done by the team • From defect prevent analysis focus on specific topic and conducting brainstorming session with team to avoid the defects • Responsible for gathering the requirements from Client and participate in Client Conferences. • Divide the requirements into various sprints based on the velocity. • Distribute the requirements to the team and monitor the development progress and provide clarification on the technical/functional requirements. • Mentor for the new members joining the team.  Other Job Related Activities:    • Successfully Completed Training in Design Thinking course and Kronos tool which keeps tracks on Work force management.  Maximo consultant  Infosys Limited  around 4.8 years) • IT professional with 4.4 years of experience in BIRT reporting, application support in IBM MAXIMO Application. • IBM Certified MAXIMO ASSET MANAGEMENT, PURCHASE ORDER, PROCUREMENT, PURCHASE REQUISITION Professional • Submitted Internal tutorial document on Configuration of Hover Dialogs and Its usage in Maximo V7.6 • Worked on various customer requirements and having overall experience with ➢ Preventive Maintenance ➢ Maximo automation and implementation ➢ MBO customizations ➢ Data Supply chain ➢ Portals, Workflows Designing ➢ Reports/Query Creation ➢ Work order tracking, Invoicing, Purchase order ➢ Asset Management ➢ Maximo Integration Framework (MIF) ➢ Labors, Crews, Security Group Set up ➢ Domains, Database configuration ➢ Basics of BIRT, Cognos Reporting, Monitor logs from Admin console. ➢ Maximo Java customization ➢ Maximo Installation/Upgradation ➢ Basic WebSphere function  • Strong interpersonal skills and the ability to work in team efficiently. Customer Service support experience in a helpdesk environment. • Strong dedication towards work to ensure delivery of projects according to the schedules. Proactively approached for delivering excellent customer service and liaising with stakeholders. • Ambitious, enthusiastic and highly motivated person with excellent problem solving skills and also having ability to quickly master new technologies and skills. • Maintains effective work behavior in the face of setbacks or pressure. Strong multi-tasking capability, target and deadline oriented. • Engaging and resilient communicator demonstrating influencing skills and an ability to adapt approaches to differing situations  Role: Senior Systems Engineer • Working as Maximo Consultant for Bombardier Transportation, Canada  • Strong knowledge in Maximo configuration using Automation Scripting, Database configuration, Application Designer, Domains, Workflows and other major applications • Providing efficient solution for the issues related to Work orders, Asset configuration, Item Master, Preventive Maintenance, Inventory, Domain related issue    • Thorough implementation, support knowledge of Bombardier Transportation Maximo version 4, 6, 7.1 and 7.6. • Having experience in Maximo Implementation, L2 and L3 support, and deployment activities • Having experience in Incident Management, Problem management, Change management, Service Request, and other applications. • Delivering 100% effectiveness in resolving ticket by ensuring compliance with client Service Level Agreements (SLAs) • Developing Conditional Queries/Reports to verify the desired results. • Worked on various formal and informal production reports. • Created the template for maintaining the application maintenance activities. • Worked in many configuration management applications for asset management related activities for future implementation. • Working in 24*7 support. Resolved many critical issues which appreciated by client  BIRT Reports BTRAMR0001SYSER.rptdesign (Work order report): • My client was using default BTRAMR2 Work order reports. They also use a different work order report in Maximo V4 and V6. The earlier used report have many drawbacks such as  No Flexibility for modification since it is used by many divisions Empty boxes, lot of missing information Not align with Systems objectives and processes Historical context on the asset is missing Esthetical issues: Font too small, input fields not instinctive No bar coding used • The outcome of this report is a form to support technician's work and regulation and give them simplicity to input information. It covers the full spectra of requirements of System Services divisions. • This report is site specific one and it will display the WO details along with its task WOs and failure reporting information. • Each site is having their own logo. This current report will display the logo based on site. • It was implemented in V7.1 only. In V7.1 we do not have the option of auto resetting page numbers (i.e., while displaying multiple WOs, for each new WO page number will not be reset automatically) . I have implemented this option in this report. • Language Translation was used for this report in German and French • I did not use IBM templates for this report. I have customized our own template in this report.  BTRAMR0009.rptdesign (Availability Report):  • This particular report relates to the requirement of the business to be able to create a Availability Graph based on selected Train Assets, a timeframe and selected work types / work order parameters. • Availability can be calculated based on a Fleet or a single Train. The business requirement is to be able to select this base as needed to suit the project or view needed at that time.  BTRAMR0027.rptdesign (Card Stock Report): Existing report functionality: • Technician requiring a part will take the component in its bin along with an Inventory Card. The technician reports the consumption at the exit of the storeroom on the Kiosk computer where    he scans its Work Order and the Inventory Card in the application Issue and Transfer of Maximo. When we rebuild something internally, the technician will bring the new assembly in store, grab the Inventory Card and he will report the return in store against the rebuilt Work order. Objectives: • Created a card stock report in order to match the existing Inventory Card tool developed by Systems. • Increase reporting of consumption • Redefine the process of cycle count (80% efficiency in Systems) • The report will be based on inventory information and will introduce the notion of real time to increase precision  BTRAMR0001SBB.rptdesign (Report Change): • The report BTRAMR0001SBB was developed for the European project. It is based on the BTRAMR0001MLM report and currently uses only launch option 2 and 3 of the BTRAMR0001MLM report. The client requested to have option 1 (type=1) of the BTRAMR0001MLM implemented in the BTRAMR0001SBB report as well as the translation of the labels from French to English. Objectives: • To have define the type=1, report definition for BTRAMR0001SBB • To have the labels translated from French to English  BTRAMR0002.rptdesign (Systems Purchase Requisition Report):  • The current PR report does not have bar-coding feature and is formatted too small. This is an operational report; it will be used in real time. • Have a common and standardized PR report across all Systems services sites with the support of bar-coding  Incident Management Solution report: • The report displays the overall ticket progress. It shows count of tickets raised and assigned to both Infosys and Client queue. We can view the total no. of tickets raised for various application groups such as Maximo, Kronos and BIEM. It also further categories the ticket count based on ticket priority and the status. This helps in analyzing the data from ticketing tool. • There might be cases where different teams work on the tickets raised. This reports helps to analyses the team wise ticket count. We can there by monitor the performance of various teams. • This report displays the number of Incidents and Service Requests logged in each month. Also it shows total tickets (Incidents + Service requests) logged in each month. • This Report shows the number of tickets logged per country and it has been grouped month wise for various application groups such as Maximo, Kronos and BIEM within a date range.  Vend_Reported_hrs. rptdesign (Vendor Reported Hours): • This report will fetch the details of vendor type labor working hours for each WOs.  Role: Quality Anchor • Working as Quality Anchor for my team, which involves creating defect prevention analysis, tracking all the works and auditing for quality • Providing Statistics about the monthly activities done by the team • From defect prevent analysis focus on specific topic and conducting brainstorming session with team to avoid the defects • Responsible for gathering the requirements from Client and participate in Client Conferences.    • Divide the requirements into various sprints based on the velocity. • Distribute the requirements to the team and monitor the development progress and provide clarification on the technical/functional requirements. • Mentor for the new members joining the team.  Other Job Related Activities: • Successfully Completed Training in Design Thinking course and Kronos tool which keeps tracks on Work force management.  EDUCATION  Bachelor of Engineering in Electronics and Communication in Electronics and Communication  Nandha Engineering College -  Erode, Tamil Nadu  2012  Secondary Education  Government Boys Higher Secondary School -  Pallipalayam, Namakkal, IN  2008  SKILLS  CODA (4 years), Cognos (4 years), Database (4 years), Eclipse (Less than 1 year), IBM COGNOS (4 years)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Technical Skills: Reporting Tools BIRT, Cognos (Basics) Database Oracle  Operating Systems Windows Languages SQL, JavaScripting Web Technologies Tools HTML SQL Developer, Eclipse
[1085, 1125] Pradeeba V LEAD ENGINEER - CISCO  - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Pradeeba-V/19ff20f4b8552375  WORK EXPERIENCE  LEAD ENGINEER  CISCO -  June 2014 to Present  PROJECT SPECIFIC SKILLS JAVASCRIPT, OOJS, HTML5, CSS3, REST, DOJO, Angular JS TOOLS USED SVN, Code Collaborator Description:  Cisco Prime Infrastructure simplifies the management of wireless and wired networks. The Prime UI offers Prime Widget Toolkit (XWT) which provides dojo widgets. The UI supports HTML 5 features. The Prime UI offers rich UI experience which includes consistency, better look and feel and scalable designs to handle large volume of data.  Responsibilities: • Creating Widgets in dojo • Enhancement of existing widget • Handling REST calls • Writing Test cases • Unit Testing  2. Project Title FINUX  INDUSTRY FINACLE - BANKING  SENIOR SYSTEMS ENGINEER  -  June 2012 to June 2014  PROJECT SPECIFIC SKILLS JAVASCRIPT, DOJO, CSS, HTML  Description: Finacle is a core banking software package. It is used by multiple banks across several countries, it can handle multi-currency transactions.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Pradeeba-V/19ff20f4b8552375?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   To achieve the common look and feel for all the screens where the interaction done with the user in the form of getting input values as well as retrieval of some kind of data and display of such data. I was totally involved in developing the Datagrid UI component in DOJO to display the search results which are obtained as a result of inquiring the transactions.  Responsibilities: • Front end enhancements for the Core product. • Discussing and finalizing the end UI screens with Functional and Design teams. • Writing front end and back end validation routines. • Regression testing for menus using Service Testing Framework. 3. Project Title FINACLE  INDUSTRY BANKING CLIENT Universal Banking Product from INFOSYS  SYSTEMS ENGINEER  -  October 2011 to May 2012  PROJECT SPECIFIC SKILLS JAVASCRIPT, DOJO, CSS, HTML  Description: Finacle is a core banking software package. It is used by multiple banks across several countries, it can handle multi-currency transactions. Being a part of Finacle team, I had involved in making the front end enhancement for Core product. Responsibilities:  • Front end enhancements for the Core product. • Bug Fixing  EDUCATION  B.Tech  Institute of Road and Transport May  October 1980  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  TECHNICAL SKILLS Programming Languages: Core Java Scripting languages: JavaScript, OOJS Databases: Oracle Operating systems: Windows (7, XP) and UNIX Tools & Utilities: Eclipse, SSH, WinSCP, Code Collaborator, SVN    Web Designing Tools: HTML 4, HTML 5, CSS 3, DOJO, Angular JS Web Service: REST Web services
[1801, 1842] Sharan Adla - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Sharan-Adla/3a382a7b7296a764  • Having 4yrs. of solid work experience in designing experiences for Digital (Web, Mobile) and Print media • Hands-on experience with tools such as Adobe Photoshop, Illustrator, InDesign, and Dreamweaver • Experience in creating low/high-detailed annotated wireframes, and user flows for applications using prototyping tools • Having good knowledge on developing use cases, user stories, & personas • Hands-on experience with HTML5 & CSS3, including cross-browser compatibility • Hands-on experience in creating RWD (Responsive Web-Design) layouts • Having good exposure on Marketing and Health Care domains • Good knowledge on marketing automation tool Eloqua • Hands-on experience on version control tool SVN • Quick learner, self-driven, problem-solver, highly motivated team player and ability to quickly adapt to new trends and technologies • Excellent written and verbal communication skills to engage clients and the team collaboratively • Having good leadership and team management skills  WORK EXPERIENCE  Specialist II, Marketing  -  March 2017 to Present  2017 • Worked as Software Engineer with Prolifics Corporation Limited from Dec' 2015 to Sept' 2016 • Worked for National Informatics Centre under multiple payrolls from Apr' 2014 to Oct' 2015 • Worked as an Inter Trainee under National Informatics Center as a Web Designer from Sept' 2013 to Apr' 2014  Skill Set Software: Adobe Photoshop, Adobe InDesign, Adobe Illustrator, Adobe Dreamweaver, MS PowerPoint  Marketing Team  -  November 2017 to November 2017  Courses and Certifications • Currently a member and pursuing multiple user experience related certification courses from "The Interaction Design Foundation"  Marketing Automation Tool  https://www.indeed.com/r/Sharan-Adla/3a382a7b7296a764?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   Oracle Eloqua -  2010 to 2010  Web Technologies: HTML (5), CSS (3) Front End Framework: Twitter Bootstrap Awards and Recognitions • SPARKLE Award - Certificate of Appreciation - Oct 2017 • Award of appreciation for outstanding performance and contribution towards development of several digital assets & microsites for OOW 2017  EDUCATION  Bachelors in Computer Science  M. V. G. R College of Engineering -  Vizianagaram, Andhra Pradesh  December 2008  MPC subject  Gowtham Jr. College -  Vijayawada, Andhra Pradesh  August 2006  SSC  Vignan Vidyalayam High School -  Visakhapatnam, Andhra Pradesh  LINKS  https://behance.net/sharanadla  https://www.linkedin.com/in/sharanadla  https://behance.net/sharanadla https://www.linkedin.com/in/sharanadla
[971, 1015] Keshav Dhawale 3 TCS Security guard Access Control Room 1 year - TCS Hinjewadi Mail Room Boy & HK Store  Pune, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Keshav-Dhawale/f5ce584c13e7368d  WORK EXPERIENCE  3 TCS Security guard Access Control Room 1 year  TCS Hinjewadi Mail Room Boy & HK Store -  October 2017 to Present  4 INFOSYS Hinjewadi Guest House & Store Executive  IBM India Pvt Ltd -  October 2015 to October 2017  2 year Current Work in IBM India Pvt Ltd Hinjewadi As Mail Room Executive  Career Objective To develop a successful career in a service industry and seeking a position to utilize my skills and abilities in the organization offers professional growth.  PERSNOL SKILLS • Good grasping power and ability to implement learned knowledge in desired areas • Confidence in my abilities and skill sets &amp; Ability to perform well under pressure  EDUCATION  SSC  Board (university) -  Aurangabad, Maharashtra  March 2009  LINKS  http://AT.POST  https://www.indeed.com/r/Keshav-Dhawale/f5ce584c13e7368d?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN http://AT.POST
[877, 895] Keshav Dhawale 3 TCS Security guard Access Control Room 1 year - TCS Hinjewadi Mail Room Boy & HK Store  Pune, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Keshav-Dhawale/f5ce584c13e7368d  WORK EXPERIENCE  3 TCS Security guard Access Control Room 1 year  TCS Hinjewadi Mail Room Boy & HK Store -  October 2017 to Present  4 INFOSYS Hinjewadi Guest House & Store Executive  IBM India Pvt Ltd -  October 2015 to October 2017  2 year Current Work in IBM India Pvt Ltd Hinjewadi As Mail Room Executive  Career Objective To develop a successful career in a service industry and seeking a position to utilize my skills and abilities in the organization offers professional growth.  PERSNOL SKILLS • Good grasping power and ability to implement learned knowledge in desired areas • Confidence in my abilities and skill sets &amp; Ability to perform well under pressure  EDUCATION  SSC  Board (university) -  Aurangabad, Maharashtra  March 2009  LINKS  http://AT.POST  https://www.indeed.com/r/Keshav-Dhawale/f5ce584c13e7368d?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN http://AT.POST
[872, 874] Keshav Dhawale 3 TCS Security guard Access Control Room 1 year - TCS Hinjewadi Mail Room Boy & HK Store  Pune, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Keshav-Dhawale/f5ce584c13e7368d  WORK EXPERIENCE  3 TCS Security guard Access Control Room 1 year  TCS Hinjewadi Mail Room Boy & HK Store -  October 2017 to Present  4 INFOSYS Hinjewadi Guest House & Store Executive  IBM India Pvt Ltd -  October 2015 to October 2017  2 year Current Work in IBM India Pvt Ltd Hinjewadi As Mail Room Executive  Career Objective To develop a successful career in a service industry and seeking a position to utilize my skills and abilities in the organization offers professional growth.  PERSNOL SKILLS • Good grasping power and ability to implement learned knowledge in desired areas • Confidence in my abilities and skill sets &amp; Ability to perform well under pressure  EDUCATION  SSC  Board (university) -  Aurangabad, Maharashtra  March 2009  LINKS  http://AT.POST  https://www.indeed.com/r/Keshav-Dhawale/f5ce584c13e7368d?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN http://AT.POST
[1130, 1174] amarjyot sodhi Voice and Accent Trainer :Masters in journalism and communication with 3 years experience  Faridabad, Haryana - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/amarjyot-sodhi/ba2e5a3cbaeccdac  To constantly learn, enhance my skills and capabilities to reach higher level of competence and apply my knowledge and skill to the best of my ability in the interest of the organization. Accomplishment counts, not the non-executed ideas. So I just constantly execute the ideas in quest for the accomplishment.  WORK EXPERIENCE  Sales Associate  Shuttl -  Faridabad, Haryana -  September 2017 to May 2018  Query management and outbound sales  Associate  Sutherland -  Chennai, Tamil Nadu -  October 2016 to June 2017  ● Query Management ● Outbound/Inbound Calling ● Collections ● Customs Documentation work  voice and accent trainer  teleperformance microsoft -  Jaipur, Rajasthan -  October 2014 to February 2015  Responsibilities To train the students on there comm skills and cx handling skill  EDUCATION  masters in journalism and communication in mass comm client servicing  amity -  Noida, Uttar Pradesh  2011 to 2013  https://www.indeed.com/r/amarjyot-sodhi/ba2e5a3cbaeccdac?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN
[4901, 4909] Zaheer Uddin Technical Project Manager  Hyderabad, Telangana - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Zaheer-Uddin/fd9892e91ac9a58f  To be associated with a dynamic team in a progressive organization that gives me the scope to apply and enrich my knowledge and skills with continual learning and professional growth.  WORK EXPERIENCE  Technical Project Manager  DELL EMC -  August 2015 to May 2018  Provide expertise to support the project team in the following areas: * Activity and resource planning. * Analyzing and managing project risk. * Planning, organizing, and Leading the Project teams from the entire metrics standpoint. * Scope &amp; Charter Management. * Handled the Account Level Audit (ERM, ITIL) * Estimations and cost management. * Project Timeline planning and management * Procurement, Software Asset management, Change management and Configuration management. * Issue resolution and escalation * Communications &amp; status reporting * Scheduling, attending and running all project meetings. * Identify, track, and resolve/escalate project impediments, risk, issues, actions. * Implementing Power BI Business Analytics tool to analyze data and share insights. * Implemented Six Sigma project (DMAIC) for improving the CSAT Score overall. * Implemented LEAN project for optimizing the resource management and the Average handling time on the tickets/resolutions.  Technical Lead/Operations Manager  Microsoft -  July 2013 to July 2015  * Managing 24x7 IT infrastructure services with the scope of Incident management, Security patching and software deployment management services for Microsoft Outlook.com email service and O365 cloud services with team size of 68 people. * Transitioned and consolidated the Incident management, security patching and deployment management work for optimizing the team by improving the productivity and reducing the cycle time. * Prepared technical architecture documents integrating all components of the project for better troubleshooting.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Zaheer-Uddin/fd9892e91ac9a58f?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   * Deploying builds &amp; security patches as per Build calendar schedule and co-coordinating the issues that arise during the build. * Monitoring, Remote administration, maintenance of a Datacenter Servers comprising of 10,000+ Servers. * Trouble shooting on HP storage Architecture in different SKU's with RAID concepts. * Implementing disaster recovery procedures to ensure minimal downtime and data loss. * Re-building Operating Systems on servers (2003, 2008, 2008 R2) that are in the Hotmail Environment. * Transitioned windows infrastructure support services involving the frontend, inbound, outbound and storage infrastructure. * Handled security patching, application deployment and incident management for Windows, SQL and HP storage servers. * Participate in Feature Specification and Release Reviews to ensure complete understanding of the features being deployed. * Created the knowledge base articles for the debugging of the software application for the benefit of the Customer, Partner and the engineering team.  Senior Service Engineer  EMC -  January 2011 to June 2013  * Experience in installing and maintaining Windows Server 2000/2003, 2008. * Alert and resolve any performance issues and notify end-users and resolve any storage shortages issues. * Monitor and resolve any issues related to Usage, Performance, and availability on storage. * Install and configure the EMC Disk tender (archiving) application as per the customer requirements. * Troubleshooting NAS, CAS and DAS Storage issues on the servers. * Replicate the break-fix implementation in the test machines to test the functionality of the break-fix and reproduce the same on the production server. * Perform testing of the registry exports made from the Production environment and try and test it on the Test environment to resolve issues.  Systems Engineer  -  December 2007 to December 2010  * Designing and developing computer hardware and support peripherals, including central processing units (CPUs), support logic, microprocessors, custom integrated circuits, printers, and disk drives. * Managing, monitoring and troubleshooting all installed systems and infrastructure. * Installing, configuring, testing and maintaining operating systems application software and system management tools. * Ensuring the highest levels of systems and infrastructure availability. * Handling Level-2 technical escalations Tickets/Calls. * Performing Upgrades, Installation of Software and Drivers and essential software troubleshooting.    * Assisting end users in deploying Updates, services packs and hot fixes using Windows Update, Automatic Updates. * Setting up Active Directory, creating user accounts and providing permissions as requested by the network admin team.  EDUCATION  BSc  Osmania University  2007  Board of Secondary Education -  Hyderabad, Telangana  2004  Diploma in Computer Application  Mac infotech Center
[4843, 4861] Zaheer Uddin Technical Project Manager  Hyderabad, Telangana - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Zaheer-Uddin/fd9892e91ac9a58f  To be associated with a dynamic team in a progressive organization that gives me the scope to apply and enrich my knowledge and skills with continual learning and professional growth.  WORK EXPERIENCE  Technical Project Manager  DELL EMC -  August 2015 to May 2018  Provide expertise to support the project team in the following areas: * Activity and resource planning. * Analyzing and managing project risk. * Planning, organizing, and Leading the Project teams from the entire metrics standpoint. * Scope &amp; Charter Management. * Handled the Account Level Audit (ERM, ITIL) * Estimations and cost management. * Project Timeline planning and management * Procurement, Software Asset management, Change management and Configuration management. * Issue resolution and escalation * Communications &amp; status reporting * Scheduling, attending and running all project meetings. * Identify, track, and resolve/escalate project impediments, risk, issues, actions. * Implementing Power BI Business Analytics tool to analyze data and share insights. * Implemented Six Sigma project (DMAIC) for improving the CSAT Score overall. * Implemented LEAN project for optimizing the resource management and the Average handling time on the tickets/resolutions.  Technical Lead/Operations Manager  Microsoft -  July 2013 to July 2015  * Managing 24x7 IT infrastructure services with the scope of Incident management, Security patching and software deployment management services for Microsoft Outlook.com email service and O365 cloud services with team size of 68 people. * Transitioned and consolidated the Incident management, security patching and deployment management work for optimizing the team by improving the productivity and reducing the cycle time. * Prepared technical architecture documents integrating all components of the project for better troubleshooting.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Zaheer-Uddin/fd9892e91ac9a58f?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   * Deploying builds &amp; security patches as per Build calendar schedule and co-coordinating the issues that arise during the build. * Monitoring, Remote administration, maintenance of a Datacenter Servers comprising of 10,000+ Servers. * Trouble shooting on HP storage Architecture in different SKU's with RAID concepts. * Implementing disaster recovery procedures to ensure minimal downtime and data loss. * Re-building Operating Systems on servers (2003, 2008, 2008 R2) that are in the Hotmail Environment. * Transitioned windows infrastructure support services involving the frontend, inbound, outbound and storage infrastructure. * Handled security patching, application deployment and incident management for Windows, SQL and HP storage servers. * Participate in Feature Specification and Release Reviews to ensure complete understanding of the features being deployed. * Created the knowledge base articles for the debugging of the software application for the benefit of the Customer, Partner and the engineering team.  Senior Service Engineer  EMC -  January 2011 to June 2013  * Experience in installing and maintaining Windows Server 2000/2003, 2008. * Alert and resolve any performance issues and notify end-users and resolve any storage shortages issues. * Monitor and resolve any issues related to Usage, Performance, and availability on storage. * Install and configure the EMC Disk tender (archiving) application as per the customer requirements. * Troubleshooting NAS, CAS and DAS Storage issues on the servers. * Replicate the break-fix implementation in the test machines to test the functionality of the break-fix and reproduce the same on the production server. * Perform testing of the registry exports made from the Production environment and try and test it on the Test environment to resolve issues.  Systems Engineer  -  December 2007 to December 2010  * Designing and developing computer hardware and support peripherals, including central processing units (CPUs), support logic, microprocessors, custom integrated circuits, printers, and disk drives. * Managing, monitoring and troubleshooting all installed systems and infrastructure. * Installing, configuring, testing and maintaining operating systems application software and system management tools. * Ensuring the highest levels of systems and infrastructure availability. * Handling Level-2 technical escalations Tickets/Calls. * Performing Upgrades, Installation of Software and Drivers and essential software troubleshooting.    * Assisting end users in deploying Updates, services packs and hot fixes using Windows Update, Automatic Updates. * Setting up Active Directory, creating user accounts and providing permissions as requested by the network admin team.  EDUCATION  BSc  Osmania University  2007  Board of Secondary Education -  Hyderabad, Telangana  2004  Diploma in Computer Application  Mac infotech Center
[4839, 4841] Zaheer Uddin Technical Project Manager  Hyderabad, Telangana - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Zaheer-Uddin/fd9892e91ac9a58f  To be associated with a dynamic team in a progressive organization that gives me the scope to apply and enrich my knowledge and skills with continual learning and professional growth.  WORK EXPERIENCE  Technical Project Manager  DELL EMC -  August 2015 to May 2018  Provide expertise to support the project team in the following areas: * Activity and resource planning. * Analyzing and managing project risk. * Planning, organizing, and Leading the Project teams from the entire metrics standpoint. * Scope &amp; Charter Management. * Handled the Account Level Audit (ERM, ITIL) * Estimations and cost management. * Project Timeline planning and management * Procurement, Software Asset management, Change management and Configuration management. * Issue resolution and escalation * Communications &amp; status reporting * Scheduling, attending and running all project meetings. * Identify, track, and resolve/escalate project impediments, risk, issues, actions. * Implementing Power BI Business Analytics tool to analyze data and share insights. * Implemented Six Sigma project (DMAIC) for improving the CSAT Score overall. * Implemented LEAN project for optimizing the resource management and the Average handling time on the tickets/resolutions.  Technical Lead/Operations Manager  Microsoft -  July 2013 to July 2015  * Managing 24x7 IT infrastructure services with the scope of Incident management, Security patching and software deployment management services for Microsoft Outlook.com email service and O365 cloud services with team size of 68 people. * Transitioned and consolidated the Incident management, security patching and deployment management work for optimizing the team by improving the productivity and reducing the cycle time. * Prepared technical architecture documents integrating all components of the project for better troubleshooting.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Zaheer-Uddin/fd9892e91ac9a58f?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   * Deploying builds &amp; security patches as per Build calendar schedule and co-coordinating the issues that arise during the build. * Monitoring, Remote administration, maintenance of a Datacenter Servers comprising of 10,000+ Servers. * Trouble shooting on HP storage Architecture in different SKU's with RAID concepts. * Implementing disaster recovery procedures to ensure minimal downtime and data loss. * Re-building Operating Systems on servers (2003, 2008, 2008 R2) that are in the Hotmail Environment. * Transitioned windows infrastructure support services involving the frontend, inbound, outbound and storage infrastructure. * Handled security patching, application deployment and incident management for Windows, SQL and HP storage servers. * Participate in Feature Specification and Release Reviews to ensure complete understanding of the features being deployed. * Created the knowledge base articles for the debugging of the software application for the benefit of the Customer, Partner and the engineering team.  Senior Service Engineer  EMC -  January 2011 to June 2013  * Experience in installing and maintaining Windows Server 2000/2003, 2008. * Alert and resolve any performance issues and notify end-users and resolve any storage shortages issues. * Monitor and resolve any issues related to Usage, Performance, and availability on storage. * Install and configure the EMC Disk tender (archiving) application as per the customer requirements. * Troubleshooting NAS, CAS and DAS Storage issues on the servers. * Replicate the break-fix implementation in the test machines to test the functionality of the break-fix and reproduce the same on the production server. * Perform testing of the registry exports made from the Production environment and try and test it on the Test environment to resolve issues.  Systems Engineer  -  December 2007 to December 2010  * Designing and developing computer hardware and support peripherals, including central processing units (CPUs), support logic, microprocessors, custom integrated circuits, printers, and disk drives. * Managing, monitoring and troubleshooting all installed systems and infrastructure. * Installing, configuring, testing and maintaining operating systems application software and system management tools. * Ensuring the highest levels of systems and infrastructure availability. * Handling Level-2 technical escalations Tickets/Calls. * Performing Upgrades, Installation of Software and Drivers and essential software troubleshooting.    * Assisting end users in deploying Updates, services packs and hot fixes using Windows Update, Automatic Updates. * Setting up Active Directory, creating user accounts and providing permissions as requested by the network admin team.  EDUCATION  BSc  Osmania University  2007  Board of Secondary Education -  Hyderabad, Telangana  2004  Diploma in Computer Application  Mac infotech Center
[1404, 1415] Zaheer Uddin Technical Project Manager  Hyderabad, Telangana - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Zaheer-Uddin/fd9892e91ac9a58f  To be associated with a dynamic team in a progressive organization that gives me the scope to apply and enrich my knowledge and skills with continual learning and professional growth.  WORK EXPERIENCE  Technical Project Manager  DELL EMC -  August 2015 to May 2018  Provide expertise to support the project team in the following areas: * Activity and resource planning. * Analyzing and managing project risk. * Planning, organizing, and Leading the Project teams from the entire metrics standpoint. * Scope &amp; Charter Management. * Handled the Account Level Audit (ERM, ITIL) * Estimations and cost management. * Project Timeline planning and management * Procurement, Software Asset management, Change management and Configuration management. * Issue resolution and escalation * Communications &amp; status reporting * Scheduling, attending and running all project meetings. * Identify, track, and resolve/escalate project impediments, risk, issues, actions. * Implementing Power BI Business Analytics tool to analyze data and share insights. * Implemented Six Sigma project (DMAIC) for improving the CSAT Score overall. * Implemented LEAN project for optimizing the resource management and the Average handling time on the tickets/resolutions.  Technical Lead/Operations Manager  Microsoft -  July 2013 to July 2015  * Managing 24x7 IT infrastructure services with the scope of Incident management, Security patching and software deployment management services for Microsoft Outlook.com email service and O365 cloud services with team size of 68 people. * Transitioned and consolidated the Incident management, security patching and deployment management work for optimizing the team by improving the productivity and reducing the cycle time. * Prepared technical architecture documents integrating all components of the project for better troubleshooting.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Zaheer-Uddin/fd9892e91ac9a58f?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   * Deploying builds &amp; security patches as per Build calendar schedule and co-coordinating the issues that arise during the build. * Monitoring, Remote administration, maintenance of a Datacenter Servers comprising of 10,000+ Servers. * Trouble shooting on HP storage Architecture in different SKU's with RAID concepts. * Implementing disaster recovery procedures to ensure minimal downtime and data loss. * Re-building Operating Systems on servers (2003, 2008, 2008 R2) that are in the Hotmail Environment. * Transitioned windows infrastructure support services involving the frontend, inbound, outbound and storage infrastructure. * Handled security patching, application deployment and incident management for Windows, SQL and HP storage servers. * Participate in Feature Specification and Release Reviews to ensure complete understanding of the features being deployed. * Created the knowledge base articles for the debugging of the software application for the benefit of the Customer, Partner and the engineering team.  Senior Service Engineer  EMC -  January 2011 to June 2013  * Experience in installing and maintaining Windows Server 2000/2003, 2008. * Alert and resolve any performance issues and notify end-users and resolve any storage shortages issues. * Monitor and resolve any issues related to Usage, Performance, and availability on storage. * Install and configure the EMC Disk tender (archiving) application as per the customer requirements. * Troubleshooting NAS, CAS and DAS Storage issues on the servers. * Replicate the break-fix implementation in the test machines to test the functionality of the break-fix and reproduce the same on the production server. * Perform testing of the registry exports made from the Production environment and try and test it on the Test environment to resolve issues.  Systems Engineer  -  December 2007 to December 2010  * Designing and developing computer hardware and support peripherals, including central processing units (CPUs), support logic, microprocessors, custom integrated circuits, printers, and disk drives. * Managing, monitoring and troubleshooting all installed systems and infrastructure. * Installing, configuring, testing and maintaining operating systems application software and system management tools. * Ensuring the highest levels of systems and infrastructure availability. * Handling Level-2 technical escalations Tickets/Calls. * Performing Upgrades, Installation of Software and Drivers and essential software troubleshooting.    * Assisting end users in deploying Updates, services packs and hot fixes using Windows Update, Automatic Updates. * Setting up Active Directory, creating user accounts and providing permissions as requested by the network admin team.  EDUCATION  BSc  Osmania University  2007  Board of Secondary Education -  Hyderabad, Telangana  2004  Diploma in Computer Application  Mac infotech Center
[1369, 1402] Zaheer Uddin Technical Project Manager  Hyderabad, Telangana - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Zaheer-Uddin/fd9892e91ac9a58f  To be associated with a dynamic team in a progressive organization that gives me the scope to apply and enrich my knowledge and skills with continual learning and professional growth.  WORK EXPERIENCE  Technical Project Manager  DELL EMC -  August 2015 to May 2018  Provide expertise to support the project team in the following areas: * Activity and resource planning. * Analyzing and managing project risk. * Planning, organizing, and Leading the Project teams from the entire metrics standpoint. * Scope &amp; Charter Management. * Handled the Account Level Audit (ERM, ITIL) * Estimations and cost management. * Project Timeline planning and management * Procurement, Software Asset management, Change management and Configuration management. * Issue resolution and escalation * Communications &amp; status reporting * Scheduling, attending and running all project meetings. * Identify, track, and resolve/escalate project impediments, risk, issues, actions. * Implementing Power BI Business Analytics tool to analyze data and share insights. * Implemented Six Sigma project (DMAIC) for improving the CSAT Score overall. * Implemented LEAN project for optimizing the resource management and the Average handling time on the tickets/resolutions.  Technical Lead/Operations Manager  Microsoft -  July 2013 to July 2015  * Managing 24x7 IT infrastructure services with the scope of Incident management, Security patching and software deployment management services for Microsoft Outlook.com email service and O365 cloud services with team size of 68 people. * Transitioned and consolidated the Incident management, security patching and deployment management work for optimizing the team by improving the productivity and reducing the cycle time. * Prepared technical architecture documents integrating all components of the project for better troubleshooting.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Zaheer-Uddin/fd9892e91ac9a58f?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   * Deploying builds &amp; security patches as per Build calendar schedule and co-coordinating the issues that arise during the build. * Monitoring, Remote administration, maintenance of a Datacenter Servers comprising of 10,000+ Servers. * Trouble shooting on HP storage Architecture in different SKU's with RAID concepts. * Implementing disaster recovery procedures to ensure minimal downtime and data loss. * Re-building Operating Systems on servers (2003, 2008, 2008 R2) that are in the Hotmail Environment. * Transitioned windows infrastructure support services involving the frontend, inbound, outbound and storage infrastructure. * Handled security patching, application deployment and incident management for Windows, SQL and HP storage servers. * Participate in Feature Specification and Release Reviews to ensure complete understanding of the features being deployed. * Created the knowledge base articles for the debugging of the software application for the benefit of the Customer, Partner and the engineering team.  Senior Service Engineer  EMC -  January 2011 to June 2013  * Experience in installing and maintaining Windows Server 2000/2003, 2008. * Alert and resolve any performance issues and notify end-users and resolve any storage shortages issues. * Monitor and resolve any issues related to Usage, Performance, and availability on storage. * Install and configure the EMC Disk tender (archiving) application as per the customer requirements. * Troubleshooting NAS, CAS and DAS Storage issues on the servers. * Replicate the break-fix implementation in the test machines to test the functionality of the break-fix and reproduce the same on the production server. * Perform testing of the registry exports made from the Production environment and try and test it on the Test environment to resolve issues.  Systems Engineer  -  December 2007 to December 2010  * Designing and developing computer hardware and support peripherals, including central processing units (CPUs), support logic, microprocessors, custom integrated circuits, printers, and disk drives. * Managing, monitoring and troubleshooting all installed systems and infrastructure. * Installing, configuring, testing and maintaining operating systems application software and system management tools. * Ensuring the highest levels of systems and infrastructure availability. * Handling Level-2 technical escalations Tickets/Calls. * Performing Upgrades, Installation of Software and Drivers and essential software troubleshooting.    * Assisting end users in deploying Updates, services packs and hot fixes using Windows Update, Automatic Updates. * Setting up Active Directory, creating user accounts and providing permissions as requested by the network admin team.  EDUCATION  BSc  Osmania University  2007  Board of Secondary Education -  Hyderabad, Telangana  2004  Diploma in Computer Application  Mac infotech Center
[3982, 4412] Rajeev Kumar Senior Associate Consultant - Infosys/Offshore Lead  Bengaluru, Karnataka - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Rajeev-Kumar/3f560fd91275495b  •An erudite professional with 2 years of IT/Presales/Project Management experience •Possess knowledge of Project Management, Digital/Social Media Marketing, Analytics, BI (Business Intelligence), presales, Business development, strategy and planning, etc. •Endowed with a passion for winning as exemplified through excellence in academic, extracurricular areas and organizational experience •An effective communicator with strong analytical/logical skills to relate to people at any level of business and management •Exposure in improving business performance by leveraging market insights to influence strategic and tactical plans that delivered differentiated offerings to customers •Possess problem solving capability keeping constraints in purview, innovation &amp; adaptability •A quick learner with the expertise to work under pressure and meet deadlines •Pleasing personality with a zest for life, knowledge and sound understanding of technology and the present world  Willing to relocate: Anywhere  WORK EXPERIENCE  Senior Associate Consultant  Infosys Limited -  Bangalore Urban, Karnataka -  July 2017 to Present  - Project Management Office (PMO)/Offshore Lead for a leading Global Oil &amp; Gas utility giant - Handling multiple service areas viz. risks and issues, planning and scheduling and assurance processes for all projects and engagements across the EMEA geography  Associate Consultant  Infosys -  Pune, Maharashtra -  May 2016 to June 2017  - Presales (Domain and Process Consulting) for Enterprise Asset Management (EAM) Supply Chain Domain - Pega Marketing and BPM (Business Process Management) team as a functional consultant - Problem Definition: Conduct secondary research that helps identify problem areas - Effort Estimation and preparing Deal Pricing with vendors to provide data points for proposal development - Solution Evaluation &amp; Recommendation: Understand solutions recommended and explore alternatives based on research (literature survey, information based in public domains etc.) -Requirement Analysis &amp; Detailing of Processes: Create requirement specifications from business needs. Define detailed functional, process, infrastructure based on requirements  https://www.indeed.com/r/Rajeev-Kumar/3f560fd91275495b?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   - Development/Configuration: Configure and build the application, process solution in line with the design document - Issue Resolution: Understand the issue, diagnose the root cause and shortlist solution alternatives - Marketing &amp; Branding: Create marketing material in the form of case studies or solution documentation - Configure and assist in evaluating micro vertical/service/solution requirements on the products, documenting these in presentations and creating solution brochures  EDUCATION  PGDM in Marketing  Goa Institute of Management -  Goa  June 2014 to March 2016  B.Tech in Computer Science and Engineering  Uttar Pradesh Technical University -  Ghaziabad, Uttar Pradesh  July 2010 to April 2014  SKILLS  Adobe Photoshop (Less than 1 year), Ads (Less than 1 year), BI (1 year), Business Intelligence (1 year), MS Excel (2 years), presales (1 year), Tableau (1 year), Pega Marketing and BPM (Less than 1 year), MS Word (2 years), MS Powerpoint (2 years), MS Sharepoint (2 years), Spss (Less than 1 year), IBM Maximo (Less than 1 year), marketing strategy (2 years), Business Analysis (2 years), communication and soft skills (2 years), Project Management (2 years), Project Planning (2 years), Team Management (1 year)  LINKS  http://www.linkedin.com/in/rajeevkumar91  CERTIFICATIONS/LICENSES  Google Adwords  December 2016 to December 2017  Google Analytics  February 2017 to August 2018  HubSpot Inbound Marketing  Digital Vidya Certified Digital Marketer  http://www.linkedin.com/in/rajeevkumar91   ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Soft Skills  Communicator, Innovator, Team Player, Analytical Collaborator. Intuitive  Technical Skills • Google AdWords, Google Analytics, Inbound Marketing, SEO (On-page and Off- page), SEM, Facebook Ads and Social •Project Management, MS Project Professional Media Campaigns (Content Bucketing) • Tableau, Microsoft Power BI, SPSS • MS Office Suite, Advanced Excel, MS SharePoint, Visio, Adobe Photoshop, Pega Marketing and BPM
[1553, 1583] Rajeev Kumar Senior Associate Consultant - Infosys/Offshore Lead  Bengaluru, Karnataka - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Rajeev-Kumar/3f560fd91275495b  •An erudite professional with 2 years of IT/Presales/Project Management experience •Possess knowledge of Project Management, Digital/Social Media Marketing, Analytics, BI (Business Intelligence), presales, Business development, strategy and planning, etc. •Endowed with a passion for winning as exemplified through excellence in academic, extracurricular areas and organizational experience •An effective communicator with strong analytical/logical skills to relate to people at any level of business and management •Exposure in improving business performance by leveraging market insights to influence strategic and tactical plans that delivered differentiated offerings to customers •Possess problem solving capability keeping constraints in purview, innovation &amp; adaptability •A quick learner with the expertise to work under pressure and meet deadlines •Pleasing personality with a zest for life, knowledge and sound understanding of technology and the present world  Willing to relocate: Anywhere  WORK EXPERIENCE  Senior Associate Consultant  Infosys Limited -  Bangalore Urban, Karnataka -  July 2017 to Present  - Project Management Office (PMO)/Offshore Lead for a leading Global Oil &amp; Gas utility giant - Handling multiple service areas viz. risks and issues, planning and scheduling and assurance processes for all projects and engagements across the EMEA geography  Associate Consultant  Infosys -  Pune, Maharashtra -  May 2016 to June 2017  - Presales (Domain and Process Consulting) for Enterprise Asset Management (EAM) Supply Chain Domain - Pega Marketing and BPM (Business Process Management) team as a functional consultant - Problem Definition: Conduct secondary research that helps identify problem areas - Effort Estimation and preparing Deal Pricing with vendors to provide data points for proposal development - Solution Evaluation &amp; Recommendation: Understand solutions recommended and explore alternatives based on research (literature survey, information based in public domains etc.) -Requirement Analysis &amp; Detailing of Processes: Create requirement specifications from business needs. Define detailed functional, process, infrastructure based on requirements  https://www.indeed.com/r/Rajeev-Kumar/3f560fd91275495b?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   - Development/Configuration: Configure and build the application, process solution in line with the design document - Issue Resolution: Understand the issue, diagnose the root cause and shortlist solution alternatives - Marketing &amp; Branding: Create marketing material in the form of case studies or solution documentation - Configure and assist in evaluating micro vertical/service/solution requirements on the products, documenting these in presentations and creating solution brochures  EDUCATION  PGDM in Marketing  Goa Institute of Management -  Goa  June 2014 to March 2016  B.Tech in Computer Science and Engineering  Uttar Pradesh Technical University -  Ghaziabad, Uttar Pradesh  July 2010 to April 2014  SKILLS  Adobe Photoshop (Less than 1 year), Ads (Less than 1 year), BI (1 year), Business Intelligence (1 year), MS Excel (2 years), presales (1 year), Tableau (1 year), Pega Marketing and BPM (Less than 1 year), MS Word (2 years), MS Powerpoint (2 years), MS Sharepoint (2 years), Spss (Less than 1 year), IBM Maximo (Less than 1 year), marketing strategy (2 years), Business Analysis (2 years), communication and soft skills (2 years), Project Management (2 years), Project Planning (2 years), Team Management (1 year)  LINKS  http://www.linkedin.com/in/rajeevkumar91  CERTIFICATIONS/LICENSES  Google Adwords  December 2016 to December 2017  Google Analytics  February 2017 to August 2018  HubSpot Inbound Marketing  Digital Vidya Certified Digital Marketer  http://www.linkedin.com/in/rajeevkumar91   ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Soft Skills  Communicator, Innovator, Team Player, Analytical Collaborator. Intuitive  Technical Skills • Google AdWords, Google Analytics, Inbound Marketing, SEO (On-page and Off- page), SEM, Facebook Ads and Social •Project Management, MS Project Professional Media Campaigns (Content Bucketing) • Tableau, Microsoft Power BI, SPSS • MS Office Suite, Advanced Excel, MS SharePoint, Visio, Adobe Photoshop, Pega Marketing and BPM
[1531, 1551] Rajeev Kumar Senior Associate Consultant - Infosys/Offshore Lead  Bengaluru, Karnataka - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Rajeev-Kumar/3f560fd91275495b  •An erudite professional with 2 years of IT/Presales/Project Management experience •Possess knowledge of Project Management, Digital/Social Media Marketing, Analytics, BI (Business Intelligence), presales, Business development, strategy and planning, etc. •Endowed with a passion for winning as exemplified through excellence in academic, extracurricular areas and organizational experience •An effective communicator with strong analytical/logical skills to relate to people at any level of business and management •Exposure in improving business performance by leveraging market insights to influence strategic and tactical plans that delivered differentiated offerings to customers •Possess problem solving capability keeping constraints in purview, innovation &amp; adaptability •A quick learner with the expertise to work under pressure and meet deadlines •Pleasing personality with a zest for life, knowledge and sound understanding of technology and the present world  Willing to relocate: Anywhere  WORK EXPERIENCE  Senior Associate Consultant  Infosys Limited -  Bangalore Urban, Karnataka -  July 2017 to Present  - Project Management Office (PMO)/Offshore Lead for a leading Global Oil &amp; Gas utility giant - Handling multiple service areas viz. risks and issues, planning and scheduling and assurance processes for all projects and engagements across the EMEA geography  Associate Consultant  Infosys -  Pune, Maharashtra -  May 2016 to June 2017  - Presales (Domain and Process Consulting) for Enterprise Asset Management (EAM) Supply Chain Domain - Pega Marketing and BPM (Business Process Management) team as a functional consultant - Problem Definition: Conduct secondary research that helps identify problem areas - Effort Estimation and preparing Deal Pricing with vendors to provide data points for proposal development - Solution Evaluation &amp; Recommendation: Understand solutions recommended and explore alternatives based on research (literature survey, information based in public domains etc.) -Requirement Analysis &amp; Detailing of Processes: Create requirement specifications from business needs. Define detailed functional, process, infrastructure based on requirements  https://www.indeed.com/r/Rajeev-Kumar/3f560fd91275495b?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   - Development/Configuration: Configure and build the application, process solution in line with the design document - Issue Resolution: Understand the issue, diagnose the root cause and shortlist solution alternatives - Marketing &amp; Branding: Create marketing material in the form of case studies or solution documentation - Configure and assist in evaluating micro vertical/service/solution requirements on the products, documenting these in presentations and creating solution brochures  EDUCATION  PGDM in Marketing  Goa Institute of Management -  Goa  June 2014 to March 2016  B.Tech in Computer Science and Engineering  Uttar Pradesh Technical University -  Ghaziabad, Uttar Pradesh  July 2010 to April 2014  SKILLS  Adobe Photoshop (Less than 1 year), Ads (Less than 1 year), BI (1 year), Business Intelligence (1 year), MS Excel (2 years), presales (1 year), Tableau (1 year), Pega Marketing and BPM (Less than 1 year), MS Word (2 years), MS Powerpoint (2 years), MS Sharepoint (2 years), Spss (Less than 1 year), IBM Maximo (Less than 1 year), marketing strategy (2 years), Business Analysis (2 years), communication and soft skills (2 years), Project Management (2 years), Project Planning (2 years), Team Management (1 year)  LINKS  http://www.linkedin.com/in/rajeevkumar91  CERTIFICATIONS/LICENSES  Google Adwords  December 2016 to December 2017  Google Analytics  February 2017 to August 2018  HubSpot Inbound Marketing  Digital Vidya Certified Digital Marketer  http://www.linkedin.com/in/rajeevkumar91   ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Soft Skills  Communicator, Innovator, Team Player, Analytical Collaborator. Intuitive  Technical Skills • Google AdWords, Google Analytics, Inbound Marketing, SEO (On-page and Off- page), SEM, Facebook Ads and Social •Project Management, MS Project Professional Media Campaigns (Content Bucketing) • Tableau, Microsoft Power BI, SPSS • MS Office Suite, Advanced Excel, MS SharePoint, Visio, Adobe Photoshop, Pega Marketing and BPM
[1202, 1217] Rajeev Kumar Senior Associate Consultant - Infosys/Offshore Lead  Bengaluru, Karnataka - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Rajeev-Kumar/3f560fd91275495b  •An erudite professional with 2 years of IT/Presales/Project Management experience •Possess knowledge of Project Management, Digital/Social Media Marketing, Analytics, BI (Business Intelligence), presales, Business development, strategy and planning, etc. •Endowed with a passion for winning as exemplified through excellence in academic, extracurricular areas and organizational experience •An effective communicator with strong analytical/logical skills to relate to people at any level of business and management •Exposure in improving business performance by leveraging market insights to influence strategic and tactical plans that delivered differentiated offerings to customers •Possess problem solving capability keeping constraints in purview, innovation &amp; adaptability •A quick learner with the expertise to work under pressure and meet deadlines •Pleasing personality with a zest for life, knowledge and sound understanding of technology and the present world  Willing to relocate: Anywhere  WORK EXPERIENCE  Senior Associate Consultant  Infosys Limited -  Bangalore Urban, Karnataka -  July 2017 to Present  - Project Management Office (PMO)/Offshore Lead for a leading Global Oil &amp; Gas utility giant - Handling multiple service areas viz. risks and issues, planning and scheduling and assurance processes for all projects and engagements across the EMEA geography  Associate Consultant  Infosys -  Pune, Maharashtra -  May 2016 to June 2017  - Presales (Domain and Process Consulting) for Enterprise Asset Management (EAM) Supply Chain Domain - Pega Marketing and BPM (Business Process Management) team as a functional consultant - Problem Definition: Conduct secondary research that helps identify problem areas - Effort Estimation and preparing Deal Pricing with vendors to provide data points for proposal development - Solution Evaluation &amp; Recommendation: Understand solutions recommended and explore alternatives based on research (literature survey, information based in public domains etc.) -Requirement Analysis &amp; Detailing of Processes: Create requirement specifications from business needs. Define detailed functional, process, infrastructure based on requirements  https://www.indeed.com/r/Rajeev-Kumar/3f560fd91275495b?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   - Development/Configuration: Configure and build the application, process solution in line with the design document - Issue Resolution: Understand the issue, diagnose the root cause and shortlist solution alternatives - Marketing &amp; Branding: Create marketing material in the form of case studies or solution documentation - Configure and assist in evaluating micro vertical/service/solution requirements on the products, documenting these in presentations and creating solution brochures  EDUCATION  PGDM in Marketing  Goa Institute of Management -  Goa  June 2014 to March 2016  B.Tech in Computer Science and Engineering  Uttar Pradesh Technical University -  Ghaziabad, Uttar Pradesh  July 2010 to April 2014  SKILLS  Adobe Photoshop (Less than 1 year), Ads (Less than 1 year), BI (1 year), Business Intelligence (1 year), MS Excel (2 years), presales (1 year), Tableau (1 year), Pega Marketing and BPM (Less than 1 year), MS Word (2 years), MS Powerpoint (2 years), MS Sharepoint (2 years), Spss (Less than 1 year), IBM Maximo (Less than 1 year), marketing strategy (2 years), Business Analysis (2 years), communication and soft skills (2 years), Project Management (2 years), Project Planning (2 years), Team Management (1 year)  LINKS  http://www.linkedin.com/in/rajeevkumar91  CERTIFICATIONS/LICENSES  Google Adwords  December 2016 to December 2017  Google Analytics  February 2017 to August 2018  HubSpot Inbound Marketing  Digital Vidya Certified Digital Marketer  http://www.linkedin.com/in/rajeevkumar91   ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Soft Skills  Communicator, Innovator, Team Player, Analytical Collaborator. Intuitive  Technical Skills • Google AdWords, Google Analytics, Inbound Marketing, SEO (On-page and Off- page), SEM, Facebook Ads and Social •Project Management, MS Project Professional Media Campaigns (Content Bucketing) • Tableau, Microsoft Power BI, SPSS • MS Office Suite, Advanced Excel, MS SharePoint, Visio, Adobe Photoshop, Pega Marketing and BPM
[1180, 1200] Rajeev Kumar Senior Associate Consultant - Infosys/Offshore Lead  Bengaluru, Karnataka - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Rajeev-Kumar/3f560fd91275495b  •An erudite professional with 2 years of IT/Presales/Project Management experience •Possess knowledge of Project Management, Digital/Social Media Marketing, Analytics, BI (Business Intelligence), presales, Business development, strategy and planning, etc. •Endowed with a passion for winning as exemplified through excellence in academic, extracurricular areas and organizational experience •An effective communicator with strong analytical/logical skills to relate to people at any level of business and management •Exposure in improving business performance by leveraging market insights to influence strategic and tactical plans that delivered differentiated offerings to customers •Possess problem solving capability keeping constraints in purview, innovation &amp; adaptability •A quick learner with the expertise to work under pressure and meet deadlines •Pleasing personality with a zest for life, knowledge and sound understanding of technology and the present world  Willing to relocate: Anywhere  WORK EXPERIENCE  Senior Associate Consultant  Infosys Limited -  Bangalore Urban, Karnataka -  July 2017 to Present  - Project Management Office (PMO)/Offshore Lead for a leading Global Oil &amp; Gas utility giant - Handling multiple service areas viz. risks and issues, planning and scheduling and assurance processes for all projects and engagements across the EMEA geography  Associate Consultant  Infosys -  Pune, Maharashtra -  May 2016 to June 2017  - Presales (Domain and Process Consulting) for Enterprise Asset Management (EAM) Supply Chain Domain - Pega Marketing and BPM (Business Process Management) team as a functional consultant - Problem Definition: Conduct secondary research that helps identify problem areas - Effort Estimation and preparing Deal Pricing with vendors to provide data points for proposal development - Solution Evaluation &amp; Recommendation: Understand solutions recommended and explore alternatives based on research (literature survey, information based in public domains etc.) -Requirement Analysis &amp; Detailing of Processes: Create requirement specifications from business needs. Define detailed functional, process, infrastructure based on requirements  https://www.indeed.com/r/Rajeev-Kumar/3f560fd91275495b?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   - Development/Configuration: Configure and build the application, process solution in line with the design document - Issue Resolution: Understand the issue, diagnose the root cause and shortlist solution alternatives - Marketing &amp; Branding: Create marketing material in the form of case studies or solution documentation - Configure and assist in evaluating micro vertical/service/solution requirements on the products, documenting these in presentations and creating solution brochures  EDUCATION  PGDM in Marketing  Goa Institute of Management -  Goa  June 2014 to March 2016  B.Tech in Computer Science and Engineering  Uttar Pradesh Technical University -  Ghaziabad, Uttar Pradesh  July 2010 to April 2014  SKILLS  Adobe Photoshop (Less than 1 year), Ads (Less than 1 year), BI (1 year), Business Intelligence (1 year), MS Excel (2 years), presales (1 year), Tableau (1 year), Pega Marketing and BPM (Less than 1 year), MS Word (2 years), MS Powerpoint (2 years), MS Sharepoint (2 years), Spss (Less than 1 year), IBM Maximo (Less than 1 year), marketing strategy (2 years), Business Analysis (2 years), communication and soft skills (2 years), Project Management (2 years), Project Planning (2 years), Team Management (1 year)  LINKS  http://www.linkedin.com/in/rajeevkumar91  CERTIFICATIONS/LICENSES  Google Adwords  December 2016 to December 2017  Google Analytics  February 2017 to August 2018  HubSpot Inbound Marketing  Digital Vidya Certified Digital Marketer  http://www.linkedin.com/in/rajeevkumar91   ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Soft Skills  Communicator, Innovator, Team Player, Analytical Collaborator. Intuitive  Technical Skills • Google AdWords, Google Analytics, Inbound Marketing, SEO (On-page and Off- page), SEM, Facebook Ads and Social •Project Management, MS Project Professional Media Campaigns (Content Bucketing) • Tableau, Microsoft Power BI, SPSS • MS Office Suite, Advanced Excel, MS SharePoint, Visio, Adobe Photoshop, Pega Marketing and BPM
[1361, 1408] Ayushi Srivastava Senior Analyst - Cisco  New Delhi, Delhi - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Ayushi-Srivastava/2bf1c4b058984738  IT Professional with an experience of 1year and 10 months (22 months) . I am looking forward to work in a competitive environment and enhance my skills of networking and work towards the growth of the organization.  Willing to relocate: Anywhere  WORK EXPERIENCE  Senior Analyst  Cisco -  2016 to Present  Working in the network Voip team as a tier2 engineer. CCNA Certified. Knowledge of PBx, telephone issue troubleshooting. Perform troubleshooting on all endpoints and have direct interaction with customers Managing all the Cisco, Tandberg and Polycom telepresence endpoints. Working on TMS (Telepresence Management Suit), VCS (Video communication Server) and CUCM (Cisco unified call manager) Having knowledge about network protocols like SIP, SCCP and H.323. Experience of configuration and troubleshooting Cisco routers and switches. Experience of using RTMT tool for monitoring of CUCM and taking logs.  EDUCATION  B.Tech  HMR Institute of Technology and Management in Electronics and Communication  2012 to 2016  Senior Secondary  2012  Sumermal Jain Public School  2010  SKILLS  CSS (Less than 1 year), DHCP (Less than 1 year), HSRP. (Less than 1 year), routing protocols. (Less than 1 year), Voip (2 years)  https://www.indeed.com/r/Ayushi-Srivastava/2bf1c4b058984738?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  TECHNICAL KNOWLEDGE • Have knowledge of configuration of routers, switches, routing protocols. • Knowledge of cucm including Call Search Space (CSS), Partitions and device registration. • Knowledge of VLAN, port-securities, STP, ACL and protocols including HSRP. • Knowledge of Subnetting, VLAN Tagging, DHCP  AREA OF INTEREST • Work in the networks team and explore more in VoIP domain. • Gaining more knowledge about CUCM, routers and switching. • Gain more experience on managing the gateways.  KEY STRENGTHS • Adaptive towards location changes. • Determination to work hard and learn new technologies. • Open to work in any shift.
[11328, 11332] Dhanushkodi Raj Technology Analyst - Infosys Limited  Chennai, Tamil Nadu - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Dhanushkodi-Raj/cf31bbac6c5a5d29  A highly competent and results oriented Senior Automation Test Analyst with 9+ years of experience in Software Testing, Selenium Automation, Development, JAVA web projects, Team leading & training, Client facing. Proven ability in Selenium WebDriver Automated testing & Frameworks, Page Objects & Hybrid Frameworks, TDD, Gherkin language (BDD), Web testing, Functional testing, Performance & Load testing. Excellent experience in each phase of Test Life Cycle, Test strategies & Test plans, UAT. Solid experience of Software Development Life Cycles, Selenium WebDriver, Cucumber, JAVA, JUnit, Web Applications, JIRA, Maven, SQL, AGILE Methodologies, Scrum, LoadRunner, E-commerce/Financial domains, Automation & Testing tools.  • Excellent experience in automation of Web-based, Highly transactional and large Client/Server/ Multi-tier applications • Proven ability in writing Selenium Webdriver using JAVA, TestNG, JUnit, and Leading JAVA projects automation • Expertise on Manual testing of the applications • Solid experience on Selenium using Cucumber automation • Solid experience of AGILE Methodologies, AGILE Manifesto and Scrum processes • Solid experience of Defect/Test Management tools like JIRA, QualityCenter. • Proven skills in SQL, RDBMS and UNIX variant like LINUX • Expertise in writing SQL Queries, SQL Scripts and performing Database testing • Proven skills in Leading and training teams, Test Management and Meeting the deadlines • Strong communication & interaction with Clients, Developers, Business Analysts, Management • Strong experience of E-commerce, Financial, Banking, Insurance, Trading and Telecom domains • Proven ability in Windows/UNIX Commands, Scripts and testing on Windows/UNIX platforms • Proven ability in Working individually or as a part of team, Problem solving, Process improvement activities, Analytical skills, Reporting and Assisting to Manager  WORK EXPERIENCE  Technology Analyst  Infosys Limited -  June 2015 to Present  Project: Video Banking testing and Web Application testing for Barclays Bank Barclays Bank is one of the leading banks in the UK. Video Banking feature Barclays Video Banking lets you have a secure, confidential conversation with us. It's a convenient alternative to visiting a branch. Talk about account services; Ask mortgage-related questions; Have appointments with your Relationship Manager. Achievements: • Won Barclays Best Agile award for the year 2016 • Saved 30% time and cost of testing by automation using Selenium WebDriver, JAVA, Cucumber • Increased productivity by 20% by effectively training, leading and managing the AGILE automation team  https://www.indeed.com/r/Dhanushkodi-Raj/cf31bbac6c5a5d29?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   • Achieved customer satisfaction and high quality by effective Automation testing, AGILE Processes Responsibilities: • Implemented automation using Selenium WebDriver, JAVA, Cucumber, Maven. • Extensively automated regression and functional test suites by developing over 237 test cases, 6 test suites using Selenium WebDriver, JAVA, JUnit. • Implemented Page Objects framework, Hybrid framework and 21 Page classes from scratch to represent web pages. • Developed Data Driven frameworks to retrieve test actions, test data from Excel files and SQL Databases. • Configured Maven for JAVA automation projects and developed Maven project object model (POM) • Developed BDD tests using Cucumber by writing behaviours and step definitions. Developed required Selenium support code in JAVA for Cucumber. • Wrote SQL queries extensively, queried database and generated test reports. Performed Purchase Orders Database testing by developing 14 SQL scripts. • Performed Defect Tracking & Management in JIRA. Generated automated daily reports using JIRA API. • Worked in a highly dynamic AGILE environment and participated in scrum and sprint meetings • Assisted Manager by providing automation strategies, Selenium/Cucumber Automation and JIRA reports. • Identified weaknesses in QA Processes, Web testing, Selenium Automation. Suggested & implemented improvements.  Tools/Environments: Selenium WebDriver, Maven, JAVA, TestNG, JIRA, HP QualityCenter, Confluence page, SQL, Oracle  Technology Analyst  Infosys Limited -  Chennai, Tamil Nadu -  January 2013 to June 2015  Project: Automation on Web Application for PGE project With the implementation of the new platform we did not see the uplift in call containment that was expected. Over the course of the year following deployment, several changes were made in an attempt to improve the containment rate. Based on the analysis done during this time we determined that moving away from the natural language speech platform and back to a directed dialog menu structure would get us back on Achievements: • Saved 20% of testing budget by automating Regression/Functional tests using Selenium WebDriver & Java Responsibilities: • Automated System testing for trading transactions, exchange operations and payment methods using Selenium WebDriver, Java. • Developed, executed and maintained over 182 Selenium automation scripts for trading web application. • Developed Hybrid automation framework Java by using Page Objects framework, Data Driven frameworks. Automated running smoke tests and build report generator for daily builds. • Developed 7 Java class libraries, 16 JUnit test scripts to test XML build data files.    • Performed Load and Stress testing by developing LoadRunner scripts to find out effective Web/ App server configurations for best performance levels. • Extensively performed Database testing using Selenium. Generated Production DB reports using SQL queries. • Provided different build reports, Selenium automation reports, Performance testing reports to Senior Management. • Worked effectively with Developers, AGILE Team, Project Management to achieve Selenium automation, high quality, release deadlines and QA processes improvements.  Tools/Environments: Selenium WebDriver, JAVA, Junit, Maven, JIRA, HP QualityCenter, MySQL  Software QA Engineer  Infosys Limited -  Chennai, Tamil Nadu -  June 2012 to December 2012  Project: Corporate e-banking system is a comprehensive corporate and small business banking solution providing a single unified view of the corporate banking relationships across asset and liability products, limits, trade finance and cash management. Corporate customers of the bank gain the flexibility to view details of each account, capability to make Inter-bank and Intra-bank payments, access to trade finance information and transactions, and the ability to perform cash management activities. This also supports comprehensive authorization workflow, Transaction Limits, Electronic Invoice Presentment and Payment (EIPP) and Corporate Administration.  It is also highly secure and provides support for different authentication mechanisms Responsibilities: • Involved in Automation Test Plan Preparation. • Test Design Based on the Use Case Specifications. • Generating Test Scenarios, Test case documentation and test data collection. • Involved in Tests Execution and Reporting Defects Using Sun-Tracker. • Responsible for GUI, Functional and System Testing. • Involved in Compatibility Testing. • Performed Database Testing using SQL in order to check the Data Validation and Data Integrity. • Involved Peer reviews (Test Design) • Clear look on updating concepts and finding defects, sending it with suggestions.  Tools/Environments: Java, Jboss, Oracle and Win2008, SunTracker  Software QA Engineer  Infosys Limited -  Chennai, Tamil Nadu -  October 2010 to May 2012  Project: Alert messaging is the process of reliably and securely circulating messages associated with an event to interested users. Due to the growth of Information Technology (IT) and telecommunications sectors in the recent past, the dissemination of alert messages has become prompt and easier. Since the existing business environment faces the challenge of reaching increasingly segmented markets, the design, delivery, and analysis of business communications needs to be tightly    integrated across multiple alert notification channels. Telecommunication channels through which subscribers can receive alert messages may include email, fax, text messaging, instant messaging, broadband network and the like. Due to myriad software applications implemented by businesses and the vast demographics of customers, it may become necessary to segment alert messages so that the messages can be sent through channels based on business needs as well as customer preferences. Further, in order to maintain strong customer relationships, businesses need to time the messages precisely. This brief illustrates how Alert Notification System (IANS) can help organization leverage existing infrastructure to better service their customers.  Achievements: • Won a performance certificates and given a bonus for outstanding performance • Received Onsite opportunity for supporting the production and DR environment at Saudi Arabia  Responsibilities: • Manual testing of the application, Single Point of contact for two of the clients. • Understood and prepared functional testcases for SMS Inbound with the provided requirements. • Completed the testbed setup and Functional Testing of the Inbound SMS. • Written two Jsps and two servlets for storing and retrieving the data from DB. Implemented the storing and retrieving of Data from DB in Struts concept • Successfully completed the testbed setup for all the Virtual machines allocated for the project. Helped the team for functional and performance testing. • Involved in Performance testing with 3 Virtual Machines setup using Jmeter (Distributed testing) • Developed the ANS Management console using Grails and Groovy. • Worked effectively in the development of 6 modules using Grails and Groovy.  Tools/Environments: Java, Servlets, Jsps, Grails and Groovy, Manual Testing using Soap UI, Jmeter, Performance testing.  Software Test Analyst  Infosys Limited -  Chennai, Tamil Nadu -  January 2009 to October 2010  Project: PoPs (Purchase order processing System) facilitates the function of buying materials / components / products / raw materials at economical cost in a timely manner. This will have broad functionalities of request handling, obtaining quotations including comparison, placing purchase orders and follow-up of purchase orders for timely deliveries, supplier information, vendor wise supply analysis, and purchase payments. This covers all type of Enquiry, Quotations, Comparisons, and Approval of Purchase order. Sending PO to Supplier, maintaining Bills. Responsibilities: • Understanding the Business Requirement Specifications. • Designing Test Cases, Execution of the test cases and reporting the bugs. • Conducted Functional testing with Valid and Invalid inputs for positive and negative testing. • Communicates with Functional Analyst on any issue clarifications. • Preparing Defect report as per severity and priority Active participation in Bug triage meetings. • Modifying the Tests and Conducting Regression Testing. • Participation in Test Closure activities.  Tools/Environments: VB.NET, SQL Server and Windows2008, Bugzilla    EDUCATION  Bachelor's in Computer Science  Sri Venkateshwara College of Engineering -  Chennai, Tamil Nadu  2004 to 2008  SKILLS  TESTING (9 years), JAVA (3 years), JUNIT (2 years), ORACLE (2 years), API (1 year)  LINKS  https://www.linkedin.com/in/dhanushkodi-raj-a190a0155  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  TECHNICAL SKILLS Automation Testing Tools: Selenium WebDriver, Cucumber, Maven, Jenkins, Cyara Languages/Frameworks: JAVA, Data Driven, Hybrid, Page Object model, SOAP UI, JUnit, TestNG (TDD), Gherkin language (BDD), Cucumber, Log 4j Defect Tracking Tools: JIRA, HP ALM API Webservices Automation Skills: SOAP, REST, HttpClient, SOAP UI, XML, Jmeter, Postman Test Management Tools: HP ALM, Confluence page RDBMS: MySQL, Oracle, Mongo DB Source Control Management: SVN, GIT Operating Systems: Windows Domain Knowledge: E-commerce, Financial, Banking, Telecom, Billing  https://www.linkedin.com/in/dhanushkodi-raj-a190a0155
[7632, 7636] Dhanushkodi Raj Technology Analyst - Infosys Limited  Chennai, Tamil Nadu - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Dhanushkodi-Raj/cf31bbac6c5a5d29  A highly competent and results oriented Senior Automation Test Analyst with 9+ years of experience in Software Testing, Selenium Automation, Development, JAVA web projects, Team leading & training, Client facing. Proven ability in Selenium WebDriver Automated testing & Frameworks, Page Objects & Hybrid Frameworks, TDD, Gherkin language (BDD), Web testing, Functional testing, Performance & Load testing. Excellent experience in each phase of Test Life Cycle, Test strategies & Test plans, UAT. Solid experience of Software Development Life Cycles, Selenium WebDriver, Cucumber, JAVA, JUnit, Web Applications, JIRA, Maven, SQL, AGILE Methodologies, Scrum, LoadRunner, E-commerce/Financial domains, Automation & Testing tools.  • Excellent experience in automation of Web-based, Highly transactional and large Client/Server/ Multi-tier applications • Proven ability in writing Selenium Webdriver using JAVA, TestNG, JUnit, and Leading JAVA projects automation • Expertise on Manual testing of the applications • Solid experience on Selenium using Cucumber automation • Solid experience of AGILE Methodologies, AGILE Manifesto and Scrum processes • Solid experience of Defect/Test Management tools like JIRA, QualityCenter. • Proven skills in SQL, RDBMS and UNIX variant like LINUX • Expertise in writing SQL Queries, SQL Scripts and performing Database testing • Proven skills in Leading and training teams, Test Management and Meeting the deadlines • Strong communication & interaction with Clients, Developers, Business Analysts, Management • Strong experience of E-commerce, Financial, Banking, Insurance, Trading and Telecom domains • Proven ability in Windows/UNIX Commands, Scripts and testing on Windows/UNIX platforms • Proven ability in Working individually or as a part of team, Problem solving, Process improvement activities, Analytical skills, Reporting and Assisting to Manager  WORK EXPERIENCE  Technology Analyst  Infosys Limited -  June 2015 to Present  Project: Video Banking testing and Web Application testing for Barclays Bank Barclays Bank is one of the leading banks in the UK. Video Banking feature Barclays Video Banking lets you have a secure, confidential conversation with us. It's a convenient alternative to visiting a branch. Talk about account services; Ask mortgage-related questions; Have appointments with your Relationship Manager. Achievements: • Won Barclays Best Agile award for the year 2016 • Saved 30% time and cost of testing by automation using Selenium WebDriver, JAVA, Cucumber • Increased productivity by 20% by effectively training, leading and managing the AGILE automation team  https://www.indeed.com/r/Dhanushkodi-Raj/cf31bbac6c5a5d29?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   • Achieved customer satisfaction and high quality by effective Automation testing, AGILE Processes Responsibilities: • Implemented automation using Selenium WebDriver, JAVA, Cucumber, Maven. • Extensively automated regression and functional test suites by developing over 237 test cases, 6 test suites using Selenium WebDriver, JAVA, JUnit. • Implemented Page Objects framework, Hybrid framework and 21 Page classes from scratch to represent web pages. • Developed Data Driven frameworks to retrieve test actions, test data from Excel files and SQL Databases. • Configured Maven for JAVA automation projects and developed Maven project object model (POM) • Developed BDD tests using Cucumber by writing behaviours and step definitions. Developed required Selenium support code in JAVA for Cucumber. • Wrote SQL queries extensively, queried database and generated test reports. Performed Purchase Orders Database testing by developing 14 SQL scripts. • Performed Defect Tracking & Management in JIRA. Generated automated daily reports using JIRA API. • Worked in a highly dynamic AGILE environment and participated in scrum and sprint meetings • Assisted Manager by providing automation strategies, Selenium/Cucumber Automation and JIRA reports. • Identified weaknesses in QA Processes, Web testing, Selenium Automation. Suggested & implemented improvements.  Tools/Environments: Selenium WebDriver, Maven, JAVA, TestNG, JIRA, HP QualityCenter, Confluence page, SQL, Oracle  Technology Analyst  Infosys Limited -  Chennai, Tamil Nadu -  January 2013 to June 2015  Project: Automation on Web Application for PGE project With the implementation of the new platform we did not see the uplift in call containment that was expected. Over the course of the year following deployment, several changes were made in an attempt to improve the containment rate. Based on the analysis done during this time we determined that moving away from the natural language speech platform and back to a directed dialog menu structure would get us back on Achievements: • Saved 20% of testing budget by automating Regression/Functional tests using Selenium WebDriver & Java Responsibilities: • Automated System testing for trading transactions, exchange operations and payment methods using Selenium WebDriver, Java. • Developed, executed and maintained over 182 Selenium automation scripts for trading web application. • Developed Hybrid automation framework Java by using Page Objects framework, Data Driven frameworks. Automated running smoke tests and build report generator for daily builds. • Developed 7 Java class libraries, 16 JUnit test scripts to test XML build data files.    • Performed Load and Stress testing by developing LoadRunner scripts to find out effective Web/ App server configurations for best performance levels. • Extensively performed Database testing using Selenium. Generated Production DB reports using SQL queries. • Provided different build reports, Selenium automation reports, Performance testing reports to Senior Management. • Worked effectively with Developers, AGILE Team, Project Management to achieve Selenium automation, high quality, release deadlines and QA processes improvements.  Tools/Environments: Selenium WebDriver, JAVA, Junit, Maven, JIRA, HP QualityCenter, MySQL  Software QA Engineer  Infosys Limited -  Chennai, Tamil Nadu -  June 2012 to December 2012  Project: Corporate e-banking system is a comprehensive corporate and small business banking solution providing a single unified view of the corporate banking relationships across asset and liability products, limits, trade finance and cash management. Corporate customers of the bank gain the flexibility to view details of each account, capability to make Inter-bank and Intra-bank payments, access to trade finance information and transactions, and the ability to perform cash management activities. This also supports comprehensive authorization workflow, Transaction Limits, Electronic Invoice Presentment and Payment (EIPP) and Corporate Administration.  It is also highly secure and provides support for different authentication mechanisms Responsibilities: • Involved in Automation Test Plan Preparation. • Test Design Based on the Use Case Specifications. • Generating Test Scenarios, Test case documentation and test data collection. • Involved in Tests Execution and Reporting Defects Using Sun-Tracker. • Responsible for GUI, Functional and System Testing. • Involved in Compatibility Testing. • Performed Database Testing using SQL in order to check the Data Validation and Data Integrity. • Involved Peer reviews (Test Design) • Clear look on updating concepts and finding defects, sending it with suggestions.  Tools/Environments: Java, Jboss, Oracle and Win2008, SunTracker  Software QA Engineer  Infosys Limited -  Chennai, Tamil Nadu -  October 2010 to May 2012  Project: Alert messaging is the process of reliably and securely circulating messages associated with an event to interested users. Due to the growth of Information Technology (IT) and telecommunications sectors in the recent past, the dissemination of alert messages has become prompt and easier. Since the existing business environment faces the challenge of reaching increasingly segmented markets, the design, delivery, and analysis of business communications needs to be tightly    integrated across multiple alert notification channels. Telecommunication channels through which subscribers can receive alert messages may include email, fax, text messaging, instant messaging, broadband network and the like. Due to myriad software applications implemented by businesses and the vast demographics of customers, it may become necessary to segment alert messages so that the messages can be sent through channels based on business needs as well as customer preferences. Further, in order to maintain strong customer relationships, businesses need to time the messages precisely. This brief illustrates how Alert Notification System (IANS) can help organization leverage existing infrastructure to better service their customers.  Achievements: • Won a performance certificates and given a bonus for outstanding performance • Received Onsite opportunity for supporting the production and DR environment at Saudi Arabia  Responsibilities: • Manual testing of the application, Single Point of contact for two of the clients. • Understood and prepared functional testcases for SMS Inbound with the provided requirements. • Completed the testbed setup and Functional Testing of the Inbound SMS. • Written two Jsps and two servlets for storing and retrieving the data from DB. Implemented the storing and retrieving of Data from DB in Struts concept • Successfully completed the testbed setup for all the Virtual machines allocated for the project. Helped the team for functional and performance testing. • Involved in Performance testing with 3 Virtual Machines setup using Jmeter (Distributed testing) • Developed the ANS Management console using Grails and Groovy. • Worked effectively in the development of 6 modules using Grails and Groovy.  Tools/Environments: Java, Servlets, Jsps, Grails and Groovy, Manual Testing using Soap UI, Jmeter, Performance testing.  Software Test Analyst  Infosys Limited -  Chennai, Tamil Nadu -  January 2009 to October 2010  Project: PoPs (Purchase order processing System) facilitates the function of buying materials / components / products / raw materials at economical cost in a timely manner. This will have broad functionalities of request handling, obtaining quotations including comparison, placing purchase orders and follow-up of purchase orders for timely deliveries, supplier information, vendor wise supply analysis, and purchase payments. This covers all type of Enquiry, Quotations, Comparisons, and Approval of Purchase order. Sending PO to Supplier, maintaining Bills. Responsibilities: • Understanding the Business Requirement Specifications. • Designing Test Cases, Execution of the test cases and reporting the bugs. • Conducted Functional testing with Valid and Invalid inputs for positive and negative testing. • Communicates with Functional Analyst on any issue clarifications. • Preparing Defect report as per severity and priority Active participation in Bug triage meetings. • Modifying the Tests and Conducting Regression Testing. • Participation in Test Closure activities.  Tools/Environments: VB.NET, SQL Server and Windows2008, Bugzilla    EDUCATION  Bachelor's in Computer Science  Sri Venkateshwara College of Engineering -  Chennai, Tamil Nadu  2004 to 2008  SKILLS  TESTING (9 years), JAVA (3 years), JUNIT (2 years), ORACLE (2 years), API (1 year)  LINKS  https://www.linkedin.com/in/dhanushkodi-raj-a190a0155  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  TECHNICAL SKILLS Automation Testing Tools: Selenium WebDriver, Cucumber, Maven, Jenkins, Cyara Languages/Frameworks: JAVA, Data Driven, Hybrid, Page Object model, SOAP UI, JUnit, TestNG (TDD), Gherkin language (BDD), Cucumber, Log 4j Defect Tracking Tools: JIRA, HP ALM API Webservices Automation Skills: SOAP, REST, HttpClient, SOAP UI, XML, Jmeter, Postman Test Management Tools: HP ALM, Confluence page RDBMS: MySQL, Oracle, Mongo DB Source Control Management: SVN, GIT Operating Systems: Windows Domain Knowledge: E-commerce, Financial, Banking, Telecom, Billing  https://www.linkedin.com/in/dhanushkodi-raj-a190a0155
[2784, 2829] Dhanushkodi Raj Technology Analyst - Infosys Limited  Chennai, Tamil Nadu - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Dhanushkodi-Raj/cf31bbac6c5a5d29  A highly competent and results oriented Senior Automation Test Analyst with 9+ years of experience in Software Testing, Selenium Automation, Development, JAVA web projects, Team leading & training, Client facing. Proven ability in Selenium WebDriver Automated testing & Frameworks, Page Objects & Hybrid Frameworks, TDD, Gherkin language (BDD), Web testing, Functional testing, Performance & Load testing. Excellent experience in each phase of Test Life Cycle, Test strategies & Test plans, UAT. Solid experience of Software Development Life Cycles, Selenium WebDriver, Cucumber, JAVA, JUnit, Web Applications, JIRA, Maven, SQL, AGILE Methodologies, Scrum, LoadRunner, E-commerce/Financial domains, Automation & Testing tools.  • Excellent experience in automation of Web-based, Highly transactional and large Client/Server/ Multi-tier applications • Proven ability in writing Selenium Webdriver using JAVA, TestNG, JUnit, and Leading JAVA projects automation • Expertise on Manual testing of the applications • Solid experience on Selenium using Cucumber automation • Solid experience of AGILE Methodologies, AGILE Manifesto and Scrum processes • Solid experience of Defect/Test Management tools like JIRA, QualityCenter. • Proven skills in SQL, RDBMS and UNIX variant like LINUX • Expertise in writing SQL Queries, SQL Scripts and performing Database testing • Proven skills in Leading and training teams, Test Management and Meeting the deadlines • Strong communication & interaction with Clients, Developers, Business Analysts, Management • Strong experience of E-commerce, Financial, Banking, Insurance, Trading and Telecom domains • Proven ability in Windows/UNIX Commands, Scripts and testing on Windows/UNIX platforms • Proven ability in Working individually or as a part of team, Problem solving, Process improvement activities, Analytical skills, Reporting and Assisting to Manager  WORK EXPERIENCE  Technology Analyst  Infosys Limited -  June 2015 to Present  Project: Video Banking testing and Web Application testing for Barclays Bank Barclays Bank is one of the leading banks in the UK. Video Banking feature Barclays Video Banking lets you have a secure, confidential conversation with us. It's a convenient alternative to visiting a branch. Talk about account services; Ask mortgage-related questions; Have appointments with your Relationship Manager. Achievements: • Won Barclays Best Agile award for the year 2016 • Saved 30% time and cost of testing by automation using Selenium WebDriver, JAVA, Cucumber • Increased productivity by 20% by effectively training, leading and managing the AGILE automation team  https://www.indeed.com/r/Dhanushkodi-Raj/cf31bbac6c5a5d29?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   • Achieved customer satisfaction and high quality by effective Automation testing, AGILE Processes Responsibilities: • Implemented automation using Selenium WebDriver, JAVA, Cucumber, Maven. • Extensively automated regression and functional test suites by developing over 237 test cases, 6 test suites using Selenium WebDriver, JAVA, JUnit. • Implemented Page Objects framework, Hybrid framework and 21 Page classes from scratch to represent web pages. • Developed Data Driven frameworks to retrieve test actions, test data from Excel files and SQL Databases. • Configured Maven for JAVA automation projects and developed Maven project object model (POM) • Developed BDD tests using Cucumber by writing behaviours and step definitions. Developed required Selenium support code in JAVA for Cucumber. • Wrote SQL queries extensively, queried database and generated test reports. Performed Purchase Orders Database testing by developing 14 SQL scripts. • Performed Defect Tracking & Management in JIRA. Generated automated daily reports using JIRA API. • Worked in a highly dynamic AGILE environment and participated in scrum and sprint meetings • Assisted Manager by providing automation strategies, Selenium/Cucumber Automation and JIRA reports. • Identified weaknesses in QA Processes, Web testing, Selenium Automation. Suggested & implemented improvements.  Tools/Environments: Selenium WebDriver, Maven, JAVA, TestNG, JIRA, HP QualityCenter, Confluence page, SQL, Oracle  Technology Analyst  Infosys Limited -  Chennai, Tamil Nadu -  January 2013 to June 2015  Project: Automation on Web Application for PGE project With the implementation of the new platform we did not see the uplift in call containment that was expected. Over the course of the year following deployment, several changes were made in an attempt to improve the containment rate. Based on the analysis done during this time we determined that moving away from the natural language speech platform and back to a directed dialog menu structure would get us back on Achievements: • Saved 20% of testing budget by automating Regression/Functional tests using Selenium WebDriver & Java Responsibilities: • Automated System testing for trading transactions, exchange operations and payment methods using Selenium WebDriver, Java. • Developed, executed and maintained over 182 Selenium automation scripts for trading web application. • Developed Hybrid automation framework Java by using Page Objects framework, Data Driven frameworks. Automated running smoke tests and build report generator for daily builds. • Developed 7 Java class libraries, 16 JUnit test scripts to test XML build data files.    • Performed Load and Stress testing by developing LoadRunner scripts to find out effective Web/ App server configurations for best performance levels. • Extensively performed Database testing using Selenium. Generated Production DB reports using SQL queries. • Provided different build reports, Selenium automation reports, Performance testing reports to Senior Management. • Worked effectively with Developers, AGILE Team, Project Management to achieve Selenium automation, high quality, release deadlines and QA processes improvements.  Tools/Environments: Selenium WebDriver, JAVA, Junit, Maven, JIRA, HP QualityCenter, MySQL  Software QA Engineer  Infosys Limited -  Chennai, Tamil Nadu -  June 2012 to December 2012  Project: Corporate e-banking system is a comprehensive corporate and small business banking solution providing a single unified view of the corporate banking relationships across asset and liability products, limits, trade finance and cash management. Corporate customers of the bank gain the flexibility to view details of each account, capability to make Inter-bank and Intra-bank payments, access to trade finance information and transactions, and the ability to perform cash management activities. This also supports comprehensive authorization workflow, Transaction Limits, Electronic Invoice Presentment and Payment (EIPP) and Corporate Administration.  It is also highly secure and provides support for different authentication mechanisms Responsibilities: • Involved in Automation Test Plan Preparation. • Test Design Based on the Use Case Specifications. • Generating Test Scenarios, Test case documentation and test data collection. • Involved in Tests Execution and Reporting Defects Using Sun-Tracker. • Responsible for GUI, Functional and System Testing. • Involved in Compatibility Testing. • Performed Database Testing using SQL in order to check the Data Validation and Data Integrity. • Involved Peer reviews (Test Design) • Clear look on updating concepts and finding defects, sending it with suggestions.  Tools/Environments: Java, Jboss, Oracle and Win2008, SunTracker  Software QA Engineer  Infosys Limited -  Chennai, Tamil Nadu -  October 2010 to May 2012  Project: Alert messaging is the process of reliably and securely circulating messages associated with an event to interested users. Due to the growth of Information Technology (IT) and telecommunications sectors in the recent past, the dissemination of alert messages has become prompt and easier. Since the existing business environment faces the challenge of reaching increasingly segmented markets, the design, delivery, and analysis of business communications needs to be tightly    integrated across multiple alert notification channels. Telecommunication channels through which subscribers can receive alert messages may include email, fax, text messaging, instant messaging, broadband network and the like. Due to myriad software applications implemented by businesses and the vast demographics of customers, it may become necessary to segment alert messages so that the messages can be sent through channels based on business needs as well as customer preferences. Further, in order to maintain strong customer relationships, businesses need to time the messages precisely. This brief illustrates how Alert Notification System (IANS) can help organization leverage existing infrastructure to better service their customers.  Achievements: • Won a performance certificates and given a bonus for outstanding performance • Received Onsite opportunity for supporting the production and DR environment at Saudi Arabia  Responsibilities: • Manual testing of the application, Single Point of contact for two of the clients. • Understood and prepared functional testcases for SMS Inbound with the provided requirements. • Completed the testbed setup and Functional Testing of the Inbound SMS. • Written two Jsps and two servlets for storing and retrieving the data from DB. Implemented the storing and retrieving of Data from DB in Struts concept • Successfully completed the testbed setup for all the Virtual machines allocated for the project. Helped the team for functional and performance testing. • Involved in Performance testing with 3 Virtual Machines setup using Jmeter (Distributed testing) • Developed the ANS Management console using Grails and Groovy. • Worked effectively in the development of 6 modules using Grails and Groovy.  Tools/Environments: Java, Servlets, Jsps, Grails and Groovy, Manual Testing using Soap UI, Jmeter, Performance testing.  Software Test Analyst  Infosys Limited -  Chennai, Tamil Nadu -  January 2009 to October 2010  Project: PoPs (Purchase order processing System) facilitates the function of buying materials / components / products / raw materials at economical cost in a timely manner. This will have broad functionalities of request handling, obtaining quotations including comparison, placing purchase orders and follow-up of purchase orders for timely deliveries, supplier information, vendor wise supply analysis, and purchase payments. This covers all type of Enquiry, Quotations, Comparisons, and Approval of Purchase order. Sending PO to Supplier, maintaining Bills. Responsibilities: • Understanding the Business Requirement Specifications. • Designing Test Cases, Execution of the test cases and reporting the bugs. • Conducted Functional testing with Valid and Invalid inputs for positive and negative testing. • Communicates with Functional Analyst on any issue clarifications. • Preparing Defect report as per severity and priority Active participation in Bug triage meetings. • Modifying the Tests and Conducting Regression Testing. • Participation in Test Closure activities.  Tools/Environments: VB.NET, SQL Server and Windows2008, Bugzilla    EDUCATION  Bachelor's in Computer Science  Sri Venkateshwara College of Engineering -  Chennai, Tamil Nadu  2004 to 2008  SKILLS  TESTING (9 years), JAVA (3 years), JUNIT (2 years), ORACLE (2 years), API (1 year)  LINKS  https://www.linkedin.com/in/dhanushkodi-raj-a190a0155  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  TECHNICAL SKILLS Automation Testing Tools: Selenium WebDriver, Cucumber, Maven, Jenkins, Cyara Languages/Frameworks: JAVA, Data Driven, Hybrid, Page Object model, SOAP UI, JUnit, TestNG (TDD), Gherkin language (BDD), Cucumber, Log 4j Defect Tracking Tools: JIRA, HP ALM API Webservices Automation Skills: SOAP, REST, HttpClient, SOAP UI, XML, Jmeter, Postman Test Management Tools: HP ALM, Confluence page RDBMS: MySQL, Oracle, Mongo DB Source Control Management: SVN, GIT Operating Systems: Windows Domain Knowledge: E-commerce, Financial, Banking, Telecom, Billing  https://www.linkedin.com/in/dhanushkodi-raj-a190a0155
[2105, 2148] Mayank Shukla Infosys group as a Test Analyst - Infosys Ltd/Edgeverve Systems Ltd  Bengaluru, Karnataka - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Mayank-Shukla/3c6042bd141ad353  ❖ 3+ years of experience in Automation Testing using TOSCA and selenium. ❖ Worked in BFSI domain with different software engineering models like Agile methodology, Waterfall methodology etc. ❖ Knowledge of project management tools like IBM CLM. ❖ Received "Award of Excellence" from Tricentis for Automation testing using TOSCA.  Willing to relocate to: Noida, Uttar Pradesh - Gurgaon, Haryana - Bengaluru, Karnataka  WORK EXPERIENCE  Infosys group as a Test Analyst  Infosys Ltd/Edgeverve Systems Ltd -  January 2015 to Present  ary 2015 and got promoted to Test Analyst. Originally started with Infosys Ltd and currently working in Infosys's products subsidiary Edgeverve Systems Ltd for Infosys Finacle. ❖ Performing automation testing using agile methodology for projects like Finacle Core Banking Solution and Finacle CRM Solution. ❖ Worked on automation testing using Selenium and TOSCA. ❖ Worked for Agile Release Train (ART) in Scaled Agile Framework using IBM RCLM tool. ❖ Working closely with Developers in Scrum Based software development model to prepare test plans based upon testing scope. ❖ Conducting functional, regression and end to end testing using IBM Rational Quality Manager cross platforms using various APIs. ❖ Experience in Web services testing and RESTful API testing. ❖ Worked on distributed execution technique for Automation Testing using Jenkins. ❖ Experience in Oracle Database, SQL queries, SQL Loader, SQL Plus ❖ Involved in performance testing using batch processing on UNIX server. ❖ Involved in defect logging, tracking and reporting using IBM Change and Configuration Management (CCM) application on Jazz platform. ❖ Worked on live project for Finacle Core Banking solution to provide Beta Quality Certifications for the enhancements on the running solution.  EDUCATION  MBA in Banking and Finance  Manipal University -  Bengaluru, Karnataka  2014  B.Tech. in Information Technology  https://www.indeed.com/r/Mayank-Shukla/3c6042bd141ad353?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   Saroj Institute of Technology & Management -  Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh  2011  Lucknow Public Inter College -  Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh  2005  DIVISION  SKILLS  CRM (3 years), DATABASE (3 years), ORACLE (3 years), Tosca (3 years), Automation Testing (3 years), Selenium (1 year), Core Java (1 year)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Key Skills: ❖ Software tools: IBM Rational Collaborative Lifecycle Management ❖ Testing Tool: IBM Rational Quality Management on Jazz Server ❖ Test Automation Tools: TOSCA, Selenium ❖ Programming Language: Core Java ❖ IDE: Eclipse ❖ Database: Oracle, EDB, Sqlserver ❖ Database Tools: SQL Developer, Toad, Tora ❖ Software tools: Filezilla, MobaXterm, Putty, Office tools ❖ Platforms: Windows, UNIX ❖ Domain Software Knowledge: Finacle Core Banking Solution, Finacle CRM Solution.  Skills: Fast learner, leadership quality, team player, presentation skills, work devotee, punctual, good communication and listening skills.
[3345, 3380] Asha Subbaiah (Microsoft Partner Readiness Operations Project Manager (APAC) - Microsoft GPS  Bangalore, Karnataka - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Asha-Subbaiah/f7489ca1bec4570b  WORK EXPERIENCE  (Microsoft Partner Readiness Operations Project Manager (APAC)  Microsoft GPS -  August 2014 to Present  Worked closely with the APAC PB&amp;D teams / responsible for coordinating and tracking impact, effectiveness and progress of our readiness activities with focus on driving efficiencies in various programs in Channel Readiness and Sure step and partner closely with Channel Readiness Manager and (PCMM - SMB) from APAC SMS&amp;P.  Responsibilities 1. Tracking progress of Readiness Programs and clearly communicate the impact. 2. Consolidate Outcomes and articulate the Partner attendance and Feedback. 3. Track Partner Recruitment through the Sure step program; and work closely with the Tele- engine 4. to ensure its alignment to Sure Step framework 5. Interface between GPS (India, China, Korea) and APAC PB&amp;D teams for events delivered by GPS  Microsoft - India Compete Recruiter in the recently concluded pilot to recruit Google Partners across APAC.  Senior operations coordinator  IBM RESEARCH -  Bangalore, Karnataka -  June 2008 to 2013  Responsibilities: - • Support for the India Technical Leaders Group (ITLG), the highest technical group in IBM India, including preparing agenda, collecting presentation materials and maintaining ITLG team room etc. • Event management. I have supported the organization of International Conferences and Workshops, including logistics, registration, awards, and general coordination. • Travel managements. The director travels on a monthly basis to all parts of world, in all six continents. I'm intimately familiar with managing complex travel itineraries to any part of the world.  • Setting up high-level conferences, workshops and management meetings, and special events. Handling visitors from around the world, and other high-level meetings.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Asha-Subbaiah/f7489ca1bec4570b?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   • Calendar management. The director's schedule includes constant and daily interactions with the top-most leaders of IBM, IBM's customers, Industry organizations, Academia, Government, and Media from around the world.  • Material preparation, distribution, and archiving. I collect reading materials that are essential for any meeting with external or IBM internal meetings. I also maintain many presentation materials, as well as archive and distribute documents.  Achievements • Joined the IRL-Bangalore team, and I was responsible for the overall operations support team at IRL-Bangalore. • Supervised the other support team members. • Responsible for coordinating the creation of the new premises for the IRL-Bangalore team. The new premises in EGL is a 5000-square foot facility housing the research team, with conference rooms and a library / lab. • Responsible for space management including seat allocation and room allocation. • Asset management • Event Management including IRL club and visitors. • Responsible focal point for all interactions on location with GVI, AV, WBS, RESO, Procurement, Security, IS, ITS, STP/Customs/Logistics, BCP team, line management Business controls/ERO/BCP support at Bangalore  EDUCATION  Bachelor's in Commerce  NMKRV College, Bangalore University -  Bangalore, Karnataka
[2803, 2812] Asha Subbaiah (Microsoft Partner Readiness Operations Project Manager (APAC) - Microsoft GPS  Bangalore, Karnataka - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Asha-Subbaiah/f7489ca1bec4570b  WORK EXPERIENCE  (Microsoft Partner Readiness Operations Project Manager (APAC)  Microsoft GPS -  August 2014 to Present  Worked closely with the APAC PB&amp;D teams / responsible for coordinating and tracking impact, effectiveness and progress of our readiness activities with focus on driving efficiencies in various programs in Channel Readiness and Sure step and partner closely with Channel Readiness Manager and (PCMM - SMB) from APAC SMS&amp;P.  Responsibilities 1. Tracking progress of Readiness Programs and clearly communicate the impact. 2. Consolidate Outcomes and articulate the Partner attendance and Feedback. 3. Track Partner Recruitment through the Sure step program; and work closely with the Tele- engine 4. to ensure its alignment to Sure Step framework 5. Interface between GPS (India, China, Korea) and APAC PB&amp;D teams for events delivered by GPS  Microsoft - India Compete Recruiter in the recently concluded pilot to recruit Google Partners across APAC.  Senior operations coordinator  IBM RESEARCH -  Bangalore, Karnataka -  June 2008 to 2013  Responsibilities: - • Support for the India Technical Leaders Group (ITLG), the highest technical group in IBM India, including preparing agenda, collecting presentation materials and maintaining ITLG team room etc. • Event management. I have supported the organization of International Conferences and Workshops, including logistics, registration, awards, and general coordination. • Travel managements. The director travels on a monthly basis to all parts of world, in all six continents. I'm intimately familiar with managing complex travel itineraries to any part of the world.  • Setting up high-level conferences, workshops and management meetings, and special events. Handling visitors from around the world, and other high-level meetings.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Asha-Subbaiah/f7489ca1bec4570b?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   • Calendar management. The director's schedule includes constant and daily interactions with the top-most leaders of IBM, IBM's customers, Industry organizations, Academia, Government, and Media from around the world.  • Material preparation, distribution, and archiving. I collect reading materials that are essential for any meeting with external or IBM internal meetings. I also maintain many presentation materials, as well as archive and distribute documents.  Achievements • Joined the IRL-Bangalore team, and I was responsible for the overall operations support team at IRL-Bangalore. • Supervised the other support team members. • Responsible for coordinating the creation of the new premises for the IRL-Bangalore team. The new premises in EGL is a 5000-square foot facility housing the research team, with conference rooms and a library / lab. • Responsible for space management including seat allocation and room allocation. • Asset management • Event Management including IRL club and visitors. • Responsible focal point for all interactions on location with GVI, AV, WBS, RESO, Procurement, Security, IS, ITS, STP/Customs/Logistics, BCP team, line management Business controls/ERO/BCP support at Bangalore  EDUCATION  Bachelor's in Commerce  NMKRV College, Bangalore University -  Bangalore, Karnataka
[2671, 2680] Asha Subbaiah (Microsoft Partner Readiness Operations Project Manager (APAC) - Microsoft GPS  Bangalore, Karnataka - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Asha-Subbaiah/f7489ca1bec4570b  WORK EXPERIENCE  (Microsoft Partner Readiness Operations Project Manager (APAC)  Microsoft GPS -  August 2014 to Present  Worked closely with the APAC PB&amp;D teams / responsible for coordinating and tracking impact, effectiveness and progress of our readiness activities with focus on driving efficiencies in various programs in Channel Readiness and Sure step and partner closely with Channel Readiness Manager and (PCMM - SMB) from APAC SMS&amp;P.  Responsibilities 1. Tracking progress of Readiness Programs and clearly communicate the impact. 2. Consolidate Outcomes and articulate the Partner attendance and Feedback. 3. Track Partner Recruitment through the Sure step program; and work closely with the Tele- engine 4. to ensure its alignment to Sure Step framework 5. Interface between GPS (India, China, Korea) and APAC PB&amp;D teams for events delivered by GPS  Microsoft - India Compete Recruiter in the recently concluded pilot to recruit Google Partners across APAC.  Senior operations coordinator  IBM RESEARCH -  Bangalore, Karnataka -  June 2008 to 2013  Responsibilities: - • Support for the India Technical Leaders Group (ITLG), the highest technical group in IBM India, including preparing agenda, collecting presentation materials and maintaining ITLG team room etc. • Event management. I have supported the organization of International Conferences and Workshops, including logistics, registration, awards, and general coordination. • Travel managements. The director travels on a monthly basis to all parts of world, in all six continents. I'm intimately familiar with managing complex travel itineraries to any part of the world.  • Setting up high-level conferences, workshops and management meetings, and special events. Handling visitors from around the world, and other high-level meetings.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Asha-Subbaiah/f7489ca1bec4570b?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   • Calendar management. The director's schedule includes constant and daily interactions with the top-most leaders of IBM, IBM's customers, Industry organizations, Academia, Government, and Media from around the world.  • Material preparation, distribution, and archiving. I collect reading materials that are essential for any meeting with external or IBM internal meetings. I also maintain many presentation materials, as well as archive and distribute documents.  Achievements • Joined the IRL-Bangalore team, and I was responsible for the overall operations support team at IRL-Bangalore. • Supervised the other support team members. • Responsible for coordinating the creation of the new premises for the IRL-Bangalore team. The new premises in EGL is a 5000-square foot facility housing the research team, with conference rooms and a library / lab. • Responsible for space management including seat allocation and room allocation. • Asset management • Event Management including IRL club and visitors. • Responsible focal point for all interactions on location with GVI, AV, WBS, RESO, Procurement, Security, IS, ITS, STP/Customs/Logistics, BCP team, line management Business controls/ERO/BCP support at Bangalore  EDUCATION  Bachelor's in Commerce  NMKRV College, Bangalore University -  Bangalore, Karnataka
[2586, 2595] Asha Subbaiah (Microsoft Partner Readiness Operations Project Manager (APAC) - Microsoft GPS  Bangalore, Karnataka - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Asha-Subbaiah/f7489ca1bec4570b  WORK EXPERIENCE  (Microsoft Partner Readiness Operations Project Manager (APAC)  Microsoft GPS -  August 2014 to Present  Worked closely with the APAC PB&amp;D teams / responsible for coordinating and tracking impact, effectiveness and progress of our readiness activities with focus on driving efficiencies in various programs in Channel Readiness and Sure step and partner closely with Channel Readiness Manager and (PCMM - SMB) from APAC SMS&amp;P.  Responsibilities 1. Tracking progress of Readiness Programs and clearly communicate the impact. 2. Consolidate Outcomes and articulate the Partner attendance and Feedback. 3. Track Partner Recruitment through the Sure step program; and work closely with the Tele- engine 4. to ensure its alignment to Sure Step framework 5. Interface between GPS (India, China, Korea) and APAC PB&amp;D teams for events delivered by GPS  Microsoft - India Compete Recruiter in the recently concluded pilot to recruit Google Partners across APAC.  Senior operations coordinator  IBM RESEARCH -  Bangalore, Karnataka -  June 2008 to 2013  Responsibilities: - • Support for the India Technical Leaders Group (ITLG), the highest technical group in IBM India, including preparing agenda, collecting presentation materials and maintaining ITLG team room etc. • Event management. I have supported the organization of International Conferences and Workshops, including logistics, registration, awards, and general coordination. • Travel managements. The director travels on a monthly basis to all parts of world, in all six continents. I'm intimately familiar with managing complex travel itineraries to any part of the world.  • Setting up high-level conferences, workshops and management meetings, and special events. Handling visitors from around the world, and other high-level meetings.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Asha-Subbaiah/f7489ca1bec4570b?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   • Calendar management. The director's schedule includes constant and daily interactions with the top-most leaders of IBM, IBM's customers, Industry organizations, Academia, Government, and Media from around the world.  • Material preparation, distribution, and archiving. I collect reading materials that are essential for any meeting with external or IBM internal meetings. I also maintain many presentation materials, as well as archive and distribute documents.  Achievements • Joined the IRL-Bangalore team, and I was responsible for the overall operations support team at IRL-Bangalore. • Supervised the other support team members. • Responsible for coordinating the creation of the new premises for the IRL-Bangalore team. The new premises in EGL is a 5000-square foot facility housing the research team, with conference rooms and a library / lab. • Responsible for space management including seat allocation and room allocation. • Asset management • Event Management including IRL club and visitors. • Responsible focal point for all interactions on location with GVI, AV, WBS, RESO, Procurement, Security, IS, ITS, STP/Customs/Logistics, BCP team, line management Business controls/ERO/BCP support at Bangalore  EDUCATION  Bachelor's in Commerce  NMKRV College, Bangalore University -  Bangalore, Karnataka
[4167, 4176] Soumya Balan IT SUPPORT  Sulthan Bathery, Kerala, Kerala - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Soumya- Balan/97ead9542c575355  ➢ To work in a progressive organization where I can enhance my skills and learning to contribute to the success of the organization.  WORK EXPERIENCE  Technical support engineer  Microsoft  Position: TECHNICAL SUPPORT ENGINEER  Company: Microsoft Corporation - Microsoft India Global Technical Support Center (Microsoft IGTSC), Bangalore  Years of Experience: 2 Years and 4 Months  Responsibilities  ➢ Represent Microsoft and communicate with corporate customers via telephone, written correspondence, or electronic service regarding technically complex escalated problems identified in Microsoft software products, and manage relationships with those customers.  ➢ Manage not only the technically complex problems, but also politically charged situations requiring the highest level of customer skill.  ➢ Receive technically complex, critical or politically hot customer issues, and maintain ownership of issue until resolved completely.  ➢ Solve highly complex problems, involving broad, in-depth product knowledge or in-depth product specialty.  ➢ Use trace analysis, and other sophisticated tools to analyze problems and develop solutions to meet customer needs.  ➢ Lead triage meetings to share knowledge with other engineers and develop customer solutions efficiently.  ➢ Act as technical lead, mentor, and model for a team of engineers; provide direction to others, review solutions and articles, mentoring existing & aspiring Engineers.  ➢ Write technical articles for knowledge base.  ➢ Consult, collaborate and take escalations when necessary.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Soumya-Balan/97ead9542c575355?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN https://www.indeed.com/r/Soumya-Balan/97ead9542c575355?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   ➢ Maintain working knowledge of pre-release products and take ownership for improvement in key technical areas.  ➢ Manage customer escalations and recognize when to solicit additional help. Participate in technical discussions and engage with product team if required to resolve issues and represent customer segments.  Exchange Server Knowledge  ➢ Exchange Server 2007 ➢ Exchange Server 2010 ➢ Exchange Server 2013 ➢ O365  UG PROJECT TITLE: Memory Bounded Anytime Heuristic Search A* Algorithm  ➢ This Project presents a heuristic-search algorithm called Memory-bounded Anytime Window A*(MAWA*), which is complete, anytime, and memory bounded. MAWA* uses the window- bounded anytime-search methodology of AWA* as the basic framework and combines it with the memory-bounded A* -like approach to handle restricted memory situations. Simple and efficient versions of MAWA* targeted for tree search have also been presented. Experimental results of the sliding-tile puzzle problem and the traveling-salesman problem show the significant advantages of the proposed algorithm over existing methods.  Technical and Co-Curricular activities  ➢ Star Performer in Microsoft IGTSC in 2014. ➢ Paper Presentations on Applications of Robotics in INOX 2K12. ➢ Attended a Three-Day workshop on C and C++ Programming and Aliasing. ➢ Attended a One-Day workshop on Java and Hardware Workshop at VECW ➢ Paper presentation 4G Technologies, Cloud Computing, Heuristic Algorithms and Applications, Open Source Software. ➢ Multimedia presentations on Artificial Intellegence, 6th Sense, and Robotics. ➢ Completed training of OCA (9i, 10g) from Oracle University. ➢ Attended SPARK training program in Infosys Mysore. ➢ Attended System Hardware Training program at HCL, Pondicherry.  EDUCATION  BE in Computer Science and Engineering  Vivekananda Engineering College for Women -  Chennai, Tamil Nadu  2013  BTEC HNC in Aviation in Hospitality and Travel Management  Frankfinn Institute of Airhostess Training -  Calicut, Kerala    2008  State Board  2007  SKILLS  Linux (Less than 1 year), Microsoft Office (Less than 1 year), MS OFFICE (Less than 1 year), problem solving (Less than 1 year)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Skill Set ➢ Excellent communication and interpersonal skills. ➢ Proficient in Computer Applications -Microsoft Office Windows (Windows 2007, XP, 8, 8.1 and Windows 10), Linux, Fedora. ➢ Strong analytical and problem solving skills. ➢ Ability in managing a team of professionals and enjoy being in a team.
[2473, 2498] Sridevi H Bangalore, Karnataka - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Sridevi-H/63703b24aaaa54e4  To further my career with a growth-oriented firm that will allow me to utilize my experience and knowledge as a Technical /Project Lead.  WORK EXPERIENCE  Principal System Engineer  Aricent Technologies  Infosys  Technical Lead  EDUCATION  M.S in Software Systems  BITS Pilani -  Pilani, Rajasthan  B.E. in Computer Science  Board of Technical Education  SKILLS  Networking/Platform/Drivers/Vxworks  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Key Strengths • Over 15 years of experience in Ethernet Data Communication Technology Ethernet Routing Switches, Metro Ethernet Routing Switches, Platform and Wireless • Good knowledge of Real Time operating Systems (Vxworks) and Drivers • Highly skilled in performing analytical and logic building functions to provide feasible solutions to problems • Brilliant interpersonal coordination and communication skills • Competent at leading, managing and training teams on different aspects of data communication systems  Technical Skill Set SYSTEMS WORKED ON * Data communication -Multi Service Transport Network Controller Cards, Ethernet Routing Switch, DOMAIN KNOWLEGDE * Enterprise Router -L2, L3 protocols (MLT, LACP, BGP, STP, SMLT, SLPP, Provider Bridge, IPFIX, VRF, RSP Fastpath)  https://www.indeed.com/r/Sridevi-H/63703b24aaaa54e4?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   * Platform -Task Architecture, Logging, , File System, Debugging tools, Crash analysis, Chassis Management * Wireless- 802.11 Split AP Architecture, WMM 802.11 E  OPERATING SYSTEMS and LANGUAGE PROFICIENCY/HARDWARE PLATFORM * Programming/ Library/Platform - C, Visual Basics, Unix, RTOS-VxWorks, Windows, Power PC based processor, TOOLS * Clarify, Clearcase, Source Insight, Network Traffic Simulators like IXIA, Smart Bits, Network Protocol Analyzers like Ethereal and WireShark.  DATABSE * Oracle, MS Access, MySQL REWARDS AND RECOGNITIONS * Spot Awards, Program Level Awards Infosys, Aricent * Individual Excellence Award 2010 Infosys * Leadership Quotient Award 2014 Aricent * Client Appreciation Award 2016 Aricent * Engineering Excellence Award 2016 Cisco  SOFT SKILLS Soft skill trained and certified in the areas like Interpersonal Effectiveness, Client Interfacing Skills, Cross Cultural Skills, &amp;Team Management  Projects Handled in Aricent Project 01: TNC Controller card for MSPP and MSTP Optical network Duration: From Date: Nov 2014 to till date Designation: Principal System Engineer Client: Cisco  Role: 1. Design and Development of Network Driver/Pseudo Network Driver for new controller card with Broadcom SDK integration and Driver Implementation Tasks include Driver design for new Chip, Broadcom SDK compilation in VxWorks, Integration and Writing driver using Broadcom SDK. 2. Design and Development of Broadcom Mini Driver Kit Integration in new controller card 3. Design and Development of Features like GDT, ANSI-ETSI on Multishelf  4. Front ending the Different Releases 5. Technical Guidance and Backlog Reduction Activities 6. Solving Critical Customer issues Few examples of critical issues solved in the TNC which fetched client appreciations Flash Mgr Stuck issue UsbMgr Stuck issue Silent Reboot caused in the standby controller Ipv6 connectivity failure every 2-3 hours Arp6Show causing crash in telnet session 7. Client interaction and customer network/Test Team Network debugging 8. Mentoring the team  Project 02: VSM IPSec for ASR9K    Duration: From Date: Feb 2013 to Oct 2014 Designation: Senior Technical Lead Client: Cisco  Support for IPsec on ASR9K routers. VSM Service module is extended to support IPSec Service on ASR9K. In order to achieve the Time to market, in the first phase IPSec management, control and data plane are not integrated with IOS-XR. VSM card while plugged inside ASR9K chassis, will provide the IPSec functionality. From an ingress LC, traffic requiring IPSec functionality (encryption or decryption) will be sent to VSM card. Upon completing the crypto operation, traffic will be forwarded to the destination egress LC to be sent out of ASR9K system. Role: 1. Initial Sessions for the team members on overall architecture 2. Coordinating with team members and technical help to the team 3. Initial investigation using Intel DPDK compilation, launch VMs etc. 4. Initial investigation on High Availability Design 5. Design/Development of Keep alive functionality between Control plane and Data plane agents 6. Design/Development of integrating CDP in Control Plane 7. Design/Development of having CDP in the Linux Data plane  Prior Experience Outside Aricent Company worked for: INFOSYS LIMITED Duration: From Date: 03 Sep 2007 To Date: 2 Jan 2013 Designation: Technology Lead  Product: MERS and ERS Routers Client: Avaya Project 01: Ethernet Routing Switch - North American OEM The Ethernet Routing Switch is a proven, tested, resilient intelligent network solution that scales, delivering hundreds of Gigabits per second and hundreds of millions of packets per second of performance to the core. This flexible switch reduces the complexity of network design, making it ideal for midsize-to-large enterprise campuses and data centers. Its switching architecture is based on Network Processing Units (NPU)  This project aims at design, development and sustenance of Enterprise Routers.  Responsibilities/Activities • Bug Fixing and crash analysis in area of Routing and system architecture • Trouble Shooting the live customer network to understand the issue provide work around and collect data • As Sustenance team member and lead resolved/supervised critical customer and design issues. - Critical customer issues in Area of Vxworks Stack, SSH, STP device drivers, BGP protocol, MLT, LACP, CFM  Some good issues solved in different areas of the product which are in memory are - Solving tftp hang issue in Vxworks Stack - Providing task delete hook for the graceful task deletion for SSH Hang issue - Solving BGP indirect neighbor issue by trouble shooting live customer network - Providing analysis and solution to a non-reproducible SSH hang issue - Providing analysis on inter-op issue with proprietary IO card with CISCO    - Fix for CF card crash issue - Quick solution provided in RSP Code for handling traffic on STP blocked port for IP Traffic. - Provided design/technical inputs for feature development "Sys log Support through SSH Portforwarding " - Supervised feature "Federal IA Library" design and implementation • Maintain and setting up of scaled up stability network to verify the Stability of the product • Training and mentoring new personnel in the project • Review of Designs, Enhancements &amp; Major Bug Fixes. -Provided Code /Design Review comments and testing guidance and testing scenarios. • Design Support to Product Test teams for newly developed features. • Design and Development of enhancements. • As a lead involved in tracking deliverables, estimation, status reporting (to the customer), productivity and quality tracking. • Additionally providing consultation to test team in their deliverables • Ensuring high quality of deliverables through reviews and defect prevention.  Project 02: Metro Ethernet Routing Switch - North American OEM  Responsibilities/Activities • Worked in the various capacities -Technical Lead, Designer, • Resolving Critical customer issues in quick turnaround time • Driving the sustenance team size of 10 by providing the technical assistance and necessary sessions and trainings in turn increase the productivity of the team • Conducting weekly bug-scrub meetings to ensure the work in track • One of the key code reviewers in the program to ensure the proper quality of the product delivered. • Defect analysis, Knowledge management are the other key responsibilities • Training and mentoring new personnel in the project.  Company worked for: HUAWEI TECHNOLOGIES Duration: From Date: 07 Jun 2004 To Date: 18 May 2007 Designation: SOFTWARE ENGINEER  Client: Huawei China  Project 01: DOPRA  Description of the project DOPRA is the platform for telecom products. It is a proprietary platform and has company internal customers. It has main two planes, system management and system service planes and several sub modules. I have successfully worked on the following modules.  Module - MML INI Parser Tool MML is Configuration Tool used in communication equipments This Configuration Tool has set of default and user defined commands. INI Parsing tool is a tool which accepts MML Commands in certain grammar and generates Resource file and Binary File respectively which will be read by server to resister the commands. Involved in the development, testing, verification of the module on windows.    Module - Man Machine Language MML is a configuration tool widely used in communication equipments. It uses Client/Server architecture. MML server communicates with both the client and the APP in the equipment. It receives MML commands inputted by users from the client and relays it to APP to process it. After acquiring the processing result, the server generates a MML report and sends it back to the client. It interacts with other system modules. Connection Management, Authorization Management, Command Process, Data Synchronization, Event Notification, Command Parsing, LOG/ALARM Handling are some of the functions of MML Server. Involved in the development, defect fixing and verification of the module on windows, Linux and vxworks platforms Involved in several release activities.  Module - Configuration Management Configuration Management Module is core module of System Management. Its main function is to define specifications for configuration management interface between the configuration tool layer and the application layer, and provide related configuration command communication mechanism. Any information that can be modified by the user/application and that affects the functionality of the application can be regarded as configurable data. All configuration commands can be sent to Configuration Management Module using a common interface type. Configuration Data Management Module is a supplementary optional component that can be loaded to provide a persistent storage (&amp; retrieval) mechanism for applications' static configuration data. Involved in the defect fixing and feature enhancement of the module on windows, Linux and vxworks platforms Involved in several release activities.  Module - TL1 Transaction Language 1 (TL1) is a widely used, "legacy", management protocol in telecommunications. It is a cross-vendor, cross-technology man-machine language, and is widely used to manage Synchronous Optical Networks (SONET) . It is defined for operation system/ network element (machine-to-machine) interfaces. TL1 corresponds to the User System Language (USL), which is the language for human-to machine interactions. It is used for managing network elements in a network. TL1 Module is an interface between an Application and Client. Client sends the TL1 Commands to perform some configuration operations in the Applications. TL1 module process the client text TL1 commands according to standard specification TL1 GR 831 and interacts with the Configuration management module and Convert Response messages back to TL1 Response messages Involved in development, verification and customer and release activities. I was a module lead for this project.  Module - QX The Qx interface is a company proprietary application layer protocol between target and the GUI of NMS. By this protocol, NE can communicate with SCC (System Communication and Control) software in different operation system. Each command has defined format. Commands are given in binary form. Qx Module acts as an interface between the Client and Application. Involved in development, verification and customer and release activities. I was a module lead for this project.  Role: Designer/Developer/ Reviewer/    Responsibility: Designing and coding various modules Involvement in peer review and overall review activities and project discussions Coordinating the development cycle Training team members and solving project related issues configuration management of the project using Clear Case Duration: From June 2004 to Sep 2006 Hardware: X86, CPCI, ATCA Software: C++, C Project2: Wireless LAN - 802.11 MAC (Split AP Architecture) Description of the project Wireless LAN 802.11 describes MAC and PHY. Wireless stations are connected to form a basic service area which is controlled by a base station called Access Point. Access Point is a special device which basically acts as a bridge between wired and wireless media connected to a distributed system generally Ethernet. Several Access Points can be connected to a distribution media to form an extended service set. In split AP architecture AP's connect to a central controller called Access Controller in short AC. AP has the minimal functionalities such as receiving the 802.11 data from the radio and forwarding data and management frames to AC, Power management, Advertising beacons, handling control frames. Management operations such as Association, Authentication, Handling frames, conversion between […] 802.3 will be done by AC. I was involved in the development of feature development, defect analysis, testing activities in the CLI, Frame handling, Association and Beacon advertisement modules. Module: WLAN Support for WMM 802.11 E Qos Requirements WMM is a protocol designed by the Wi-Fi forum to provide quality of service to wireless traffic. This project basically deals with providing WLAN support for WMM module, this includes handling Qos frames in the Uplink down link data flow, Priority mapping for Qos frames, Fragmentation and Reassembly of the Qos frames, Security Related modifications for Qos Frames, Power management of Qos stations etc. I was involved in the design, review, coding of the Uplink, Down link Data Flow, Fragmentation and Reassembly of the Qos frames.  Role: Developer Responsibility: To design, and code the necessary changes. Design test scenarios for the design verification of the feature enhancements. Ensure proper quality of the product delivered. Smoke testing of all the features in each release Performance testing and log record maintenance Configuration Management for feature enhancement projects using Clear case tool Duration: From: Sep 2006 - May 2007 Hardware: Vxworks, Windows Software: C Company worked for: ALBERTSONS INTERNATIONAL PRIVATE LIMITED Duration: From Date: 16 Jun 2000 To Date:29 Oct 2001 Designation: SOFTWARE ENGINEER Project Name Application Software Development  Description of the project Software for guest house, Fisheries Account management, Liquor wholesale. restaurants  Role: Designer/Developer/ Reviewer/Customer Support    Responsibility: Designing and coding above mentioned projects independently Involvement in requirement collection, prototype building, installation and support Coordinating the development cycle Duration: From June 2000 to Oct 2001 Hardware: X86 Software: VB, C, MSACCESS Management Skill Set • Release Planning • Work assignment and Follow up • Preparation of weekly bug scrub for customer and Conducting Weekly Bug scrub Meetings with the team • Monthly Billing • Monthly Milestone Report Preparation • Monthly Metrics Report Preparation • Monthly OPS Review Report Preparation and Meetings with customer • Weekly OPS Preparation and Meetings with customer • TL9K Audit Preparation • Quarterly Defect Prevention and Analysis Report Preparation • Monthly CM Audit • Provided Macro and VB scripting and CQ queries for button click report generation  SRIDEVI RAO H
[363, 411] Dilliraja Baskaran Tamil Nadu - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Dilliraja-Baskaran/4a3bc8a35879ce5c  WORK EXPERIENCE  Working in Infosys as a developer and support  Infosys -  May 2015 to Present  Experience in both development project and support project.  EDUCATION  B.E  Panimalar Engineering College  SKILLS  Mainframe,COBOL,JCL,DB2,IMSDB,IMSDC  https://www.indeed.com/r/Dilliraja-Baskaran/4a3bc8a35879ce5c?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN
[0, 17] Dilliraja Baskaran Tamil Nadu - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Dilliraja-Baskaran/4a3bc8a35879ce5c  WORK EXPERIENCE  Working in Infosys as a developer and support  Infosys -  May 2015 to Present  Experience in both development project and support project.  EDUCATION  B.E  Panimalar Engineering College  SKILLS  Mainframe,COBOL,JCL,DB2,IMSDB,IMSDC  https://www.indeed.com/r/Dilliraja-Baskaran/4a3bc8a35879ce5c?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN
[973, 1703] Ananya Chavan lecturer - oracle tutorials  Mumbai, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Ananya- Chavan/738779ab71971a96  Seeking a responsible job with an opportunity for professional challenges and utilize my skills up to its extreme.  WORK EXPERIENCE  lecturer  Oracle tutorials -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  April 2016 to Present  for computer science (STD 11th and 12th) (2 years) ➢ Worked at "Dr.Babasaheb Ambedkar College, Chembur (W) " as a lecturer for • B.Sc. (Computer Science & Information Technology) • F.Y.J.C. (Computer Science & I.T.) • S.Y.J.C. (Computer Science & I.T.) ➢ Worked at "LIVE" as a Head of the IT Department and Lecturer for Web designing. ➢ Worked at "Kohinoor College Of Hotel Management" as visiting lecturer for SEM I. ➢ Working at "ORACLE TUTORIALS" as a lecturer for computer science (STD 11th and 12th)  EDUCATION  MCA  Mumbai University -  Mumbai, Maharashtra  B.Sc. in Com.Sci  Mumbai University -  Mumbai, Maharashtra  SKILLS  SEARCH ENGINE MARKETING (2 years), SEM (2 years), ACCESS (Less than 1 year), AJAX (Less than 1 year), APACHE (Less than 1 year)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Technical skills: Languages: C, C++, Java (J2EE), Web Component APIS:: Jdbc, Servlet, JSP. Frameworks: Spring 4 & Struts 2 ORM Framework: Hibernate Web Development: Html5, CSS3, Java Script, Ajax &JQuery, Angular Js  https://www.indeed.com/r/Ananya-Chavan/738779ab71971a96?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN https://www.indeed.com/r/Ananya-Chavan/738779ab71971a96?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   Application Servers: Apache Tomcat, IDE: Eclipse, Netbeans Database: Ms-Access, Mysql Operating Systems: Windows 7, 8, 10 FTP Client: Filezilla Versioning Tools: Git  Project Details:  "Real Estate Application" (Client: Global Realtor PVT. LTD Pune) Front-End: Java (J2EE), JDBC, Servlet, JSP, Jquery. Back end: Mysql. Duration: 6 Month (Internship) Company Name: AryanTech India Pvt. Ltd. Pune My Role: Developer as Trainee. Module: Module 4. Description: Developed as a MCA Final SEM Project for "Global Realtors PVT.LTD, Hinjewadi, Pune." The Real Estate Web Application is an interactive, effective and revenue-generating website designed for the Real Estate Industry. The main objective of this application is to help the Real Estate Company to display unlimited number of property listings on the website.  "Beauty Parlor Management System" (B.Sc. (Com.Sci.)) Tool: VB 6.0 Language: VB Database: MS-Access Operating System: Windows XP The Beauty Parlor Management System is an easy and effective system to use. The main features of this system are to avoid manual work and keep storing all appointments of customers.  "Web Designing Project (Reptiles.com) " (B.Sc. (Com.Sci.)) Language: HTML and ASP Tool: Dreamweaver 8.0 Database: MS-Access Operating System: Windows XP The Reptiles.com is a simple informative site. The main features of this system are to give all information of Snakes.
[1767, 1808] Anvitha Rao Automation developer  - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Anvitha-Rao/9d6acc68cc30c71c  Seeking a software development internship position for Summer 2018 that utilizes my technical skills, education and passion for solving interesting problems as a software professional.  Willing to relocate: Anywhere  WORK EXPERIENCE  Automation developer  SAP Labs -  Bengaluru, Karnataka -  August 2016 to August 2017  Worked as an automation developer in the development of cloud based Human capital management System and Integration frameworks Dell Boomi and SAP HANA Cloud Platform Integration. ● Development of automation framework using Java Selenium and RestFul API's for payroll projects. ● Collaborating with customers on migrating Payroll projects to SAP HANA Cloud Platform Integration. ● Involved in regression, unity, functionality, performance, sanity and acceptance test driven development process.  Intern  SAP Labs -  Bengaluru, Karnataka -  February 2016 to July 2016  Worked on migrating Business intelligence tool, Universe Design Tool in Visual Studio using C++. ● Automation of test cases for identifying operations supported by databases using Java. ● Tools: Universe Design Tool, Information Design Tool, Webi and Perforce.  Projects: GeoSpark Integrated with Apache Hadoop ● Identifies top 50 pick up points in New York city based on distributed New York taxi data using Apache Spark and Scala. Iaas Implementation: Cloud application for Image Recognition ● This project uses Amazon S3, SQS and EC2 instances to provide Image recognition service to users by implementing load balancing and web services. Spam Detection ● Identifying spam messages using Natural Language processing techniques in python. Analysis of Financial Data  https://www.indeed.com/r/Anvitha-Rao/9d6acc68cc30c71c?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   ● Exploratory data analysis of stock prices using various data visualization techniques in pandas and d3.js Effective prediction and prevention of air pollution caused due to automobiles using IoT and data analytics techniques ● Analyzes pollutants at different geographical locations and suggests a least polluted route on an android application. ● Co-authored a paper --Ref link: http://www.ijrcct.org/index.php/ojs/article/view/1416  EDUCATION  Masters in Computer Science  Arizona State University -  Tempe, AZ  September 2019  Bachelor of Engineering in Computer Science  M S Ramaiah Institute of Technology -  Bengaluru, Karnataka  September 2012 to June 2016  SKILLS  JAVA (1 year), C++ (Less than 1 year), Hadoop (Less than 1 year), HADOOP (Less than 1 year), CSS (Less than 1 year)  LINKS  https://www.linkedin.com/in/anvitha-d-rao-65a068a7  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Technical Skills: Programming Languages: C, C++, HTML/CSS, Java, Python, Javascript  Technologies: IoT, MySQL, PostgreSQL, D3js, Hadoop and Spark, Gephi  https://www.linkedin.com/in/anvitha-d-rao-65a068a7
[7924, 8039] Mohammed Murtuza Major Incident Manager / Escalation Manager - Microsoft India  Hyderabad, Telangana - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Mohammed- Murtuza/0cdc3284bf1bbeab  WORK EXPERIENCE  Major Incident Manager / Escalation Manager  Microsoft India -  June 2016 to Present  June 2016 - Till date  Roles and Responsibilities: • Working as a Major Incident Manager / Escalation Manager for MSIT in Microsoft. Primary duties include leading team operations, managing team resources, leading &amp; driving high impact technical incidents to resolution. Providing executive updates throughout the incident till resolution, communicate to global customers, senior executives/GMs on ongoing incidents, facilitating positive and timely outcomes by evaluating and escalating incidents to appropriate resources when needed. Preparing post major incident reports and KPI reports of Escalation Management for monthly reviews. • Plan and provide elevated level IT support for scheduled planned change/premium events across organization. • Leading team of 20 L1's and managing daily operations. • Conduct Huddle meetings for team on daily performance targets and manage day to day shift activities. • Validating the received escalation impact and pushing the tickets to the right severity with proper engagements to mitigate the issue at the earliest and understanding the Microsoft internal various service lines which is being affected in order to engage the appropriate resources to help drive resolution. • Act as global escalation support to coordinate with various global teams within Microsoft IT and drive Bridge calls on high priority incidents such as Managed P1 &amp; P2 incidents to restore the services as soon as possible and send standard communications to global customers on status of the incident, ETA, and current restoration plan. • Managing the lifecycle of all incidents to restore normal service operation as quickly as possible and minimize the adverse impact on business operations across globe, thus insuring that the best possible levels of service quality and availability are maintained. • Monitoring the ticketing system and reviewing the communications which will be sent to higher management for all major incidents/outages. • Follow the Escalation process and keep up with the SLA's on all the new Escalation tickets and document incident chronology and timelines and support groups for Major incident resolution. • Complete assigned On-The-Job (OJT) training for the newly hired techs. • Preparing weekly meeting agenda which allows to improve coordination across teams and to discuss the overall incidents occurred in the past week. • Tracking the model of escalations and calculating the SLA's as a part of Quality check and circulating internal group.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Mohammed-Murtuza/0cdc3284bf1bbeab?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN https://www.indeed.com/r/Mohammed-Murtuza/0cdc3284bf1bbeab?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   • Join Daily Cross-Geo shift hand over calls to review all the ongoing high priority incidents/ escalations from Redmond, USA team to India &amp; Vice versa. • Create and publish post incident reports with high level incident summary and chronology to leadership team and thus suggest challenges and improvements to prevent reoccurrence of incident. • Identify and analyze problem requests and drive to circulate the RCA of the problem. • Pre Communication preparations for the various Planned Event Support which includes reserving the groups which allows to complete the activity as scheduled without any downtime.  Company: Genpact India Client: Schneider Electric  Major incident Management Team - Incident Coordinator  Roles and Responsibilities: • Provided ultimate ownership and responsibility for end to end Management activities for all Severity 1 &amp; 2 incidents. • Collaborate with internal and partner repair organizations, from engineers to executive and Ensures that the correct Technical teams are engaged and proper focus is paid to outages and recovery. • Documented and tracked the timeline of events that occurred in the process to resolution for each of the incidents managed in support of post mortem/root cause analysis. • Performed notifications and status of all incidents to high level internal leadership and client while managing SLA's. • Worked directly with Incident Lifecycle Coordinators to provide initial incident response. • Manage, escalate, status, and assist, coordinating repair efforts on Service Assurance issues • Provide updates to the Management of daily outages. Updating Outage forums. Company: Genpact India Client: Invensys  IT consultant Level-2 IT Consultant for Active Directory 2008, Exchange server 2007, VMware ESX 4 .1, Lync 2010 server. Roles and Responsibilities: • Managed User Accounts on Windows NT and UNIX Platform (Creation, Deletion, Permissions, and VPN Access for company user's and contractors/vendors) • Configure users, groups, group policy objects, service accounts. • Developed organizational units in Active Directory (AD) and managed user security with group policies. • Created and maintained email addresses and distribution lists in MS Exchange. • Compiled data to assist technical writers with IT new hire manuals and prepared data to report to testers for system enhancements. • Handled user account transfers from one field site to another moving client data to different servers, to ensure user accessibility. • Maintained Microsoft Exchange e-mail accounts and public folder access through Microsoft Exchange System Manager. • Served as lead contact for Desk Side Support Technicians, to provide assistance when trouble- shooting desk side issues.    • Setup queue's for networked printers and added clients to Blackberry Server, which enabled employees to efficiently conduct business while away from the office Company: Genpact India Client: Siemens  SAP SRM consultant  Key Responsibilities: • Functional support tickets handled in SAP SRM on the following areas of SAP-SRM. • Maintenance &amp; Creation of shopping carts • Workflow approvals • Creation of automatic account determination for consumables. • Maintenance on Purchase Orders  Company: Genpact India Client: Armstrong  Service desk representative.  Roles and Responsibilities: • Effectively answering inbound telephone calls from clients and providing client support through the use of an online knowledge base. • Partnered with Tier II and Tier III help desk peers based in the across the globe to resolve complex problems that required escalation. Provided detailed descriptions of issues in trouble ticket system and followed up diligently to ensure swift resolutions • Configuring &amp; troubleshooting Auto Discover, Offline Address Book, Out of Office, Scheduling &amp; free/busy, Exchange ActiveSync, Outlook Web Access, Outlook Connectivity, RPC over HTTP (Outlook Anywhere) • Troubleshooting for login issue, Microsoft Word, Excel, Access, Power Point, Front Page, Visio, Internet Explorer, Mozilla Firefox, Scanners, Desktop and Networked Printers. • Unlocking and resetting user's passwords for Active Directory, SAP application Company: Wipro Client: HP Worked as Technical support representative for HP laptop support. Roles and Responsibilities: • Diagnose, troubleshoot and resolve a range of software, hardware and connectivity issues. Excel in asking probing questions and researching, analyzing and rectifying problems in Windows XP/ Vista/7, MS Office, and LAN/WAN connectivity issues. • Installed software, configured and tested customer PC's, analyzed functionality of peripheral appendages. • Instructed and trained end-users regarding computer literacy • Trained in sales and guided customer's in helping to select the right product  EDUCATION  MBA in Marketing and Human Resources  Osmania University -  Hyderabad, Telangana  B.Sc in Electronics    Osmania University -  Hyderabad, Telangana  SKILLS  ACTIVE DIRECTORY (2 years), EXCEL (2 years), EXCHANGE (2 years), INCIDENT MANAGEMENT (2 years), OPERATIONS (2 years)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Professional Skills:  • ITIL- Incident Management, Problem Management, Event Management, Change Management, and Configuration Management System. • People Management, Shift Rostering, IT Operations management, Resource management • Virtualization platforms- VMWare, Microsoft Hyper-V • Active Directory 2008, Exchange server 2007, VMware ESX 4 .1, Lync 2010 server, SAP SRM  Tools: ServiceNow, Microsoft ICM, Send Word Now, SCOM, SolarWinds, , MS Clarity Connect, MS Centergy, BMC Remedy ticketing tool, Bomgar ticketing tool, Skype For Business, Microsoft OneNote, Microsoft StaffHub, MS Excel, PowerPoint tools.
[7872, 7890] Mohammed Murtuza Major Incident Manager / Escalation Manager - Microsoft India  Hyderabad, Telangana - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Mohammed- Murtuza/0cdc3284bf1bbeab  WORK EXPERIENCE  Major Incident Manager / Escalation Manager  Microsoft India -  June 2016 to Present  June 2016 - Till date  Roles and Responsibilities: • Working as a Major Incident Manager / Escalation Manager for MSIT in Microsoft. Primary duties include leading team operations, managing team resources, leading &amp; driving high impact technical incidents to resolution. Providing executive updates throughout the incident till resolution, communicate to global customers, senior executives/GMs on ongoing incidents, facilitating positive and timely outcomes by evaluating and escalating incidents to appropriate resources when needed. Preparing post major incident reports and KPI reports of Escalation Management for monthly reviews. • Plan and provide elevated level IT support for scheduled planned change/premium events across organization. • Leading team of 20 L1's and managing daily operations. • Conduct Huddle meetings for team on daily performance targets and manage day to day shift activities. • Validating the received escalation impact and pushing the tickets to the right severity with proper engagements to mitigate the issue at the earliest and understanding the Microsoft internal various service lines which is being affected in order to engage the appropriate resources to help drive resolution. • Act as global escalation support to coordinate with various global teams within Microsoft IT and drive Bridge calls on high priority incidents such as Managed P1 &amp; P2 incidents to restore the services as soon as possible and send standard communications to global customers on status of the incident, ETA, and current restoration plan. • Managing the lifecycle of all incidents to restore normal service operation as quickly as possible and minimize the adverse impact on business operations across globe, thus insuring that the best possible levels of service quality and availability are maintained. • Monitoring the ticketing system and reviewing the communications which will be sent to higher management for all major incidents/outages. • Follow the Escalation process and keep up with the SLA's on all the new Escalation tickets and document incident chronology and timelines and support groups for Major incident resolution. • Complete assigned On-The-Job (OJT) training for the newly hired techs. • Preparing weekly meeting agenda which allows to improve coordination across teams and to discuss the overall incidents occurred in the past week. • Tracking the model of escalations and calculating the SLA's as a part of Quality check and circulating internal group.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Mohammed-Murtuza/0cdc3284bf1bbeab?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN https://www.indeed.com/r/Mohammed-Murtuza/0cdc3284bf1bbeab?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   • Join Daily Cross-Geo shift hand over calls to review all the ongoing high priority incidents/ escalations from Redmond, USA team to India &amp; Vice versa. • Create and publish post incident reports with high level incident summary and chronology to leadership team and thus suggest challenges and improvements to prevent reoccurrence of incident. • Identify and analyze problem requests and drive to circulate the RCA of the problem. • Pre Communication preparations for the various Planned Event Support which includes reserving the groups which allows to complete the activity as scheduled without any downtime.  Company: Genpact India Client: Schneider Electric  Major incident Management Team - Incident Coordinator  Roles and Responsibilities: • Provided ultimate ownership and responsibility for end to end Management activities for all Severity 1 &amp; 2 incidents. • Collaborate with internal and partner repair organizations, from engineers to executive and Ensures that the correct Technical teams are engaged and proper focus is paid to outages and recovery. • Documented and tracked the timeline of events that occurred in the process to resolution for each of the incidents managed in support of post mortem/root cause analysis. • Performed notifications and status of all incidents to high level internal leadership and client while managing SLA's. • Worked directly with Incident Lifecycle Coordinators to provide initial incident response. • Manage, escalate, status, and assist, coordinating repair efforts on Service Assurance issues • Provide updates to the Management of daily outages. Updating Outage forums. Company: Genpact India Client: Invensys  IT consultant Level-2 IT Consultant for Active Directory 2008, Exchange server 2007, VMware ESX 4 .1, Lync 2010 server. Roles and Responsibilities: • Managed User Accounts on Windows NT and UNIX Platform (Creation, Deletion, Permissions, and VPN Access for company user's and contractors/vendors) • Configure users, groups, group policy objects, service accounts. • Developed organizational units in Active Directory (AD) and managed user security with group policies. • Created and maintained email addresses and distribution lists in MS Exchange. • Compiled data to assist technical writers with IT new hire manuals and prepared data to report to testers for system enhancements. • Handled user account transfers from one field site to another moving client data to different servers, to ensure user accessibility. • Maintained Microsoft Exchange e-mail accounts and public folder access through Microsoft Exchange System Manager. • Served as lead contact for Desk Side Support Technicians, to provide assistance when trouble- shooting desk side issues.    • Setup queue's for networked printers and added clients to Blackberry Server, which enabled employees to efficiently conduct business while away from the office Company: Genpact India Client: Siemens  SAP SRM consultant  Key Responsibilities: • Functional support tickets handled in SAP SRM on the following areas of SAP-SRM. • Maintenance &amp; Creation of shopping carts • Workflow approvals • Creation of automatic account determination for consumables. • Maintenance on Purchase Orders  Company: Genpact India Client: Armstrong  Service desk representative.  Roles and Responsibilities: • Effectively answering inbound telephone calls from clients and providing client support through the use of an online knowledge base. • Partnered with Tier II and Tier III help desk peers based in the across the globe to resolve complex problems that required escalation. Provided detailed descriptions of issues in trouble ticket system and followed up diligently to ensure swift resolutions • Configuring &amp; troubleshooting Auto Discover, Offline Address Book, Out of Office, Scheduling &amp; free/busy, Exchange ActiveSync, Outlook Web Access, Outlook Connectivity, RPC over HTTP (Outlook Anywhere) • Troubleshooting for login issue, Microsoft Word, Excel, Access, Power Point, Front Page, Visio, Internet Explorer, Mozilla Firefox, Scanners, Desktop and Networked Printers. • Unlocking and resetting user's passwords for Active Directory, SAP application Company: Wipro Client: HP Worked as Technical support representative for HP laptop support. Roles and Responsibilities: • Diagnose, troubleshoot and resolve a range of software, hardware and connectivity issues. Excel in asking probing questions and researching, analyzing and rectifying problems in Windows XP/ Vista/7, MS Office, and LAN/WAN connectivity issues. • Installed software, configured and tested customer PC's, analyzed functionality of peripheral appendages. • Instructed and trained end-users regarding computer literacy • Trained in sales and guided customer's in helping to select the right product  EDUCATION  MBA in Marketing and Human Resources  Osmania University -  Hyderabad, Telangana  B.Sc in Electronics    Osmania University -  Hyderabad, Telangana  SKILLS  ACTIVE DIRECTORY (2 years), EXCEL (2 years), EXCHANGE (2 years), INCIDENT MANAGEMENT (2 years), OPERATIONS (2 years)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Professional Skills:  • ITIL- Incident Management, Problem Management, Event Management, Change Management, and Configuration Management System. • People Management, Shift Rostering, IT Operations management, Resource management • Virtualization platforms- VMWare, Microsoft Hyper-V • Active Directory 2008, Exchange server 2007, VMware ESX 4 .1, Lync 2010 server, SAP SRM  Tools: ServiceNow, Microsoft ICM, Send Word Now, SCOM, SolarWinds, , MS Clarity Connect, MS Centergy, BMC Remedy ticketing tool, Bomgar ticketing tool, Skype For Business, Microsoft OneNote, Microsoft StaffHub, MS Excel, PowerPoint tools.
[7849, 7868] Mohammed Murtuza Major Incident Manager / Escalation Manager - Microsoft India  Hyderabad, Telangana - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Mohammed- Murtuza/0cdc3284bf1bbeab  WORK EXPERIENCE  Major Incident Manager / Escalation Manager  Microsoft India -  June 2016 to Present  June 2016 - Till date  Roles and Responsibilities: • Working as a Major Incident Manager / Escalation Manager for MSIT in Microsoft. Primary duties include leading team operations, managing team resources, leading &amp; driving high impact technical incidents to resolution. Providing executive updates throughout the incident till resolution, communicate to global customers, senior executives/GMs on ongoing incidents, facilitating positive and timely outcomes by evaluating and escalating incidents to appropriate resources when needed. Preparing post major incident reports and KPI reports of Escalation Management for monthly reviews. • Plan and provide elevated level IT support for scheduled planned change/premium events across organization. • Leading team of 20 L1's and managing daily operations. • Conduct Huddle meetings for team on daily performance targets and manage day to day shift activities. • Validating the received escalation impact and pushing the tickets to the right severity with proper engagements to mitigate the issue at the earliest and understanding the Microsoft internal various service lines which is being affected in order to engage the appropriate resources to help drive resolution. • Act as global escalation support to coordinate with various global teams within Microsoft IT and drive Bridge calls on high priority incidents such as Managed P1 &amp; P2 incidents to restore the services as soon as possible and send standard communications to global customers on status of the incident, ETA, and current restoration plan. • Managing the lifecycle of all incidents to restore normal service operation as quickly as possible and minimize the adverse impact on business operations across globe, thus insuring that the best possible levels of service quality and availability are maintained. • Monitoring the ticketing system and reviewing the communications which will be sent to higher management for all major incidents/outages. • Follow the Escalation process and keep up with the SLA's on all the new Escalation tickets and document incident chronology and timelines and support groups for Major incident resolution. • Complete assigned On-The-Job (OJT) training for the newly hired techs. • Preparing weekly meeting agenda which allows to improve coordination across teams and to discuss the overall incidents occurred in the past week. • Tracking the model of escalations and calculating the SLA's as a part of Quality check and circulating internal group.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Mohammed-Murtuza/0cdc3284bf1bbeab?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN https://www.indeed.com/r/Mohammed-Murtuza/0cdc3284bf1bbeab?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   • Join Daily Cross-Geo shift hand over calls to review all the ongoing high priority incidents/ escalations from Redmond, USA team to India &amp; Vice versa. • Create and publish post incident reports with high level incident summary and chronology to leadership team and thus suggest challenges and improvements to prevent reoccurrence of incident. • Identify and analyze problem requests and drive to circulate the RCA of the problem. • Pre Communication preparations for the various Planned Event Support which includes reserving the groups which allows to complete the activity as scheduled without any downtime.  Company: Genpact India Client: Schneider Electric  Major incident Management Team - Incident Coordinator  Roles and Responsibilities: • Provided ultimate ownership and responsibility for end to end Management activities for all Severity 1 &amp; 2 incidents. • Collaborate with internal and partner repair organizations, from engineers to executive and Ensures that the correct Technical teams are engaged and proper focus is paid to outages and recovery. • Documented and tracked the timeline of events that occurred in the process to resolution for each of the incidents managed in support of post mortem/root cause analysis. • Performed notifications and status of all incidents to high level internal leadership and client while managing SLA's. • Worked directly with Incident Lifecycle Coordinators to provide initial incident response. • Manage, escalate, status, and assist, coordinating repair efforts on Service Assurance issues • Provide updates to the Management of daily outages. Updating Outage forums. Company: Genpact India Client: Invensys  IT consultant Level-2 IT Consultant for Active Directory 2008, Exchange server 2007, VMware ESX 4 .1, Lync 2010 server. Roles and Responsibilities: • Managed User Accounts on Windows NT and UNIX Platform (Creation, Deletion, Permissions, and VPN Access for company user's and contractors/vendors) • Configure users, groups, group policy objects, service accounts. • Developed organizational units in Active Directory (AD) and managed user security with group policies. • Created and maintained email addresses and distribution lists in MS Exchange. • Compiled data to assist technical writers with IT new hire manuals and prepared data to report to testers for system enhancements. • Handled user account transfers from one field site to another moving client data to different servers, to ensure user accessibility. • Maintained Microsoft Exchange e-mail accounts and public folder access through Microsoft Exchange System Manager. • Served as lead contact for Desk Side Support Technicians, to provide assistance when trouble- shooting desk side issues.    • Setup queue's for networked printers and added clients to Blackberry Server, which enabled employees to efficiently conduct business while away from the office Company: Genpact India Client: Siemens  SAP SRM consultant  Key Responsibilities: • Functional support tickets handled in SAP SRM on the following areas of SAP-SRM. • Maintenance &amp; Creation of shopping carts • Workflow approvals • Creation of automatic account determination for consumables. • Maintenance on Purchase Orders  Company: Genpact India Client: Armstrong  Service desk representative.  Roles and Responsibilities: • Effectively answering inbound telephone calls from clients and providing client support through the use of an online knowledge base. • Partnered with Tier II and Tier III help desk peers based in the across the globe to resolve complex problems that required escalation. Provided detailed descriptions of issues in trouble ticket system and followed up diligently to ensure swift resolutions • Configuring &amp; troubleshooting Auto Discover, Offline Address Book, Out of Office, Scheduling &amp; free/busy, Exchange ActiveSync, Outlook Web Access, Outlook Connectivity, RPC over HTTP (Outlook Anywhere) • Troubleshooting for login issue, Microsoft Word, Excel, Access, Power Point, Front Page, Visio, Internet Explorer, Mozilla Firefox, Scanners, Desktop and Networked Printers. • Unlocking and resetting user's passwords for Active Directory, SAP application Company: Wipro Client: HP Worked as Technical support representative for HP laptop support. Roles and Responsibilities: • Diagnose, troubleshoot and resolve a range of software, hardware and connectivity issues. Excel in asking probing questions and researching, analyzing and rectifying problems in Windows XP/ Vista/7, MS Office, and LAN/WAN connectivity issues. • Installed software, configured and tested customer PC's, analyzed functionality of peripheral appendages. • Instructed and trained end-users regarding computer literacy • Trained in sales and guided customer's in helping to select the right product  EDUCATION  MBA in Marketing and Human Resources  Osmania University -  Hyderabad, Telangana  B.Sc in Electronics    Osmania University -  Hyderabad, Telangana  SKILLS  ACTIVE DIRECTORY (2 years), EXCEL (2 years), EXCHANGE (2 years), INCIDENT MANAGEMENT (2 years), OPERATIONS (2 years)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Professional Skills:  • ITIL- Incident Management, Problem Management, Event Management, Change Management, and Configuration Management System. • People Management, Shift Rostering, IT Operations management, Resource management • Virtualization platforms- VMWare, Microsoft Hyper-V • Active Directory 2008, Exchange server 2007, VMware ESX 4 .1, Lync 2010 server, SAP SRM  Tools: ServiceNow, Microsoft ICM, Send Word Now, SCOM, SolarWinds, , MS Clarity Connect, MS Centergy, BMC Remedy ticketing tool, Bomgar ticketing tool, Skype For Business, Microsoft OneNote, Microsoft StaffHub, MS Excel, PowerPoint tools.
[7805, 7823] Mohammed Murtuza Major Incident Manager / Escalation Manager - Microsoft India  Hyderabad, Telangana - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Mohammed- Murtuza/0cdc3284bf1bbeab  WORK EXPERIENCE  Major Incident Manager / Escalation Manager  Microsoft India -  June 2016 to Present  June 2016 - Till date  Roles and Responsibilities: • Working as a Major Incident Manager / Escalation Manager for MSIT in Microsoft. Primary duties include leading team operations, managing team resources, leading &amp; driving high impact technical incidents to resolution. Providing executive updates throughout the incident till resolution, communicate to global customers, senior executives/GMs on ongoing incidents, facilitating positive and timely outcomes by evaluating and escalating incidents to appropriate resources when needed. Preparing post major incident reports and KPI reports of Escalation Management for monthly reviews. • Plan and provide elevated level IT support for scheduled planned change/premium events across organization. • Leading team of 20 L1's and managing daily operations. • Conduct Huddle meetings for team on daily performance targets and manage day to day shift activities. • Validating the received escalation impact and pushing the tickets to the right severity with proper engagements to mitigate the issue at the earliest and understanding the Microsoft internal various service lines which is being affected in order to engage the appropriate resources to help drive resolution. • Act as global escalation support to coordinate with various global teams within Microsoft IT and drive Bridge calls on high priority incidents such as Managed P1 &amp; P2 incidents to restore the services as soon as possible and send standard communications to global customers on status of the incident, ETA, and current restoration plan. • Managing the lifecycle of all incidents to restore normal service operation as quickly as possible and minimize the adverse impact on business operations across globe, thus insuring that the best possible levels of service quality and availability are maintained. • Monitoring the ticketing system and reviewing the communications which will be sent to higher management for all major incidents/outages. • Follow the Escalation process and keep up with the SLA's on all the new Escalation tickets and document incident chronology and timelines and support groups for Major incident resolution. • Complete assigned On-The-Job (OJT) training for the newly hired techs. • Preparing weekly meeting agenda which allows to improve coordination across teams and to discuss the overall incidents occurred in the past week. • Tracking the model of escalations and calculating the SLA's as a part of Quality check and circulating internal group.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Mohammed-Murtuza/0cdc3284bf1bbeab?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN https://www.indeed.com/r/Mohammed-Murtuza/0cdc3284bf1bbeab?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   • Join Daily Cross-Geo shift hand over calls to review all the ongoing high priority incidents/ escalations from Redmond, USA team to India &amp; Vice versa. • Create and publish post incident reports with high level incident summary and chronology to leadership team and thus suggest challenges and improvements to prevent reoccurrence of incident. • Identify and analyze problem requests and drive to circulate the RCA of the problem. • Pre Communication preparations for the various Planned Event Support which includes reserving the groups which allows to complete the activity as scheduled without any downtime.  Company: Genpact India Client: Schneider Electric  Major incident Management Team - Incident Coordinator  Roles and Responsibilities: • Provided ultimate ownership and responsibility for end to end Management activities for all Severity 1 &amp; 2 incidents. • Collaborate with internal and partner repair organizations, from engineers to executive and Ensures that the correct Technical teams are engaged and proper focus is paid to outages and recovery. • Documented and tracked the timeline of events that occurred in the process to resolution for each of the incidents managed in support of post mortem/root cause analysis. • Performed notifications and status of all incidents to high level internal leadership and client while managing SLA's. • Worked directly with Incident Lifecycle Coordinators to provide initial incident response. • Manage, escalate, status, and assist, coordinating repair efforts on Service Assurance issues • Provide updates to the Management of daily outages. Updating Outage forums. Company: Genpact India Client: Invensys  IT consultant Level-2 IT Consultant for Active Directory 2008, Exchange server 2007, VMware ESX 4 .1, Lync 2010 server. Roles and Responsibilities: • Managed User Accounts on Windows NT and UNIX Platform (Creation, Deletion, Permissions, and VPN Access for company user's and contractors/vendors) • Configure users, groups, group policy objects, service accounts. • Developed organizational units in Active Directory (AD) and managed user security with group policies. • Created and maintained email addresses and distribution lists in MS Exchange. • Compiled data to assist technical writers with IT new hire manuals and prepared data to report to testers for system enhancements. • Handled user account transfers from one field site to another moving client data to different servers, to ensure user accessibility. • Maintained Microsoft Exchange e-mail accounts and public folder access through Microsoft Exchange System Manager. • Served as lead contact for Desk Side Support Technicians, to provide assistance when trouble- shooting desk side issues.    • Setup queue's for networked printers and added clients to Blackberry Server, which enabled employees to efficiently conduct business while away from the office Company: Genpact India Client: Siemens  SAP SRM consultant  Key Responsibilities: • Functional support tickets handled in SAP SRM on the following areas of SAP-SRM. • Maintenance &amp; Creation of shopping carts • Workflow approvals • Creation of automatic account determination for consumables. • Maintenance on Purchase Orders  Company: Genpact India Client: Armstrong  Service desk representative.  Roles and Responsibilities: • Effectively answering inbound telephone calls from clients and providing client support through the use of an online knowledge base. • Partnered with Tier II and Tier III help desk peers based in the across the globe to resolve complex problems that required escalation. Provided detailed descriptions of issues in trouble ticket system and followed up diligently to ensure swift resolutions • Configuring &amp; troubleshooting Auto Discover, Offline Address Book, Out of Office, Scheduling &amp; free/busy, Exchange ActiveSync, Outlook Web Access, Outlook Connectivity, RPC over HTTP (Outlook Anywhere) • Troubleshooting for login issue, Microsoft Word, Excel, Access, Power Point, Front Page, Visio, Internet Explorer, Mozilla Firefox, Scanners, Desktop and Networked Printers. • Unlocking and resetting user's passwords for Active Directory, SAP application Company: Wipro Client: HP Worked as Technical support representative for HP laptop support. Roles and Responsibilities: • Diagnose, troubleshoot and resolve a range of software, hardware and connectivity issues. Excel in asking probing questions and researching, analyzing and rectifying problems in Windows XP/ Vista/7, MS Office, and LAN/WAN connectivity issues. • Installed software, configured and tested customer PC's, analyzed functionality of peripheral appendages. • Instructed and trained end-users regarding computer literacy • Trained in sales and guided customer's in helping to select the right product  EDUCATION  MBA in Marketing and Human Resources  Osmania University -  Hyderabad, Telangana  B.Sc in Electronics    Osmania University -  Hyderabad, Telangana  SKILLS  ACTIVE DIRECTORY (2 years), EXCEL (2 years), EXCHANGE (2 years), INCIDENT MANAGEMENT (2 years), OPERATIONS (2 years)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Professional Skills:  • ITIL- Incident Management, Problem Management, Event Management, Change Management, and Configuration Management System. • People Management, Shift Rostering, IT Operations management, Resource management • Virtualization platforms- VMWare, Microsoft Hyper-V • Active Directory 2008, Exchange server 2007, VMware ESX 4 .1, Lync 2010 server, SAP SRM  Tools: ServiceNow, Microsoft ICM, Send Word Now, SCOM, SolarWinds, , MS Clarity Connect, MS Centergy, BMC Remedy ticketing tool, Bomgar ticketing tool, Skype For Business, Microsoft OneNote, Microsoft StaffHub, MS Excel, PowerPoint tools.
[7767, 7803] Mohammed Murtuza Major Incident Manager / Escalation Manager - Microsoft India  Hyderabad, Telangana - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Mohammed- Murtuza/0cdc3284bf1bbeab  WORK EXPERIENCE  Major Incident Manager / Escalation Manager  Microsoft India -  June 2016 to Present  June 2016 - Till date  Roles and Responsibilities: • Working as a Major Incident Manager / Escalation Manager for MSIT in Microsoft. Primary duties include leading team operations, managing team resources, leading &amp; driving high impact technical incidents to resolution. Providing executive updates throughout the incident till resolution, communicate to global customers, senior executives/GMs on ongoing incidents, facilitating positive and timely outcomes by evaluating and escalating incidents to appropriate resources when needed. Preparing post major incident reports and KPI reports of Escalation Management for monthly reviews. • Plan and provide elevated level IT support for scheduled planned change/premium events across organization. • Leading team of 20 L1's and managing daily operations. • Conduct Huddle meetings for team on daily performance targets and manage day to day shift activities. • Validating the received escalation impact and pushing the tickets to the right severity with proper engagements to mitigate the issue at the earliest and understanding the Microsoft internal various service lines which is being affected in order to engage the appropriate resources to help drive resolution. • Act as global escalation support to coordinate with various global teams within Microsoft IT and drive Bridge calls on high priority incidents such as Managed P1 &amp; P2 incidents to restore the services as soon as possible and send standard communications to global customers on status of the incident, ETA, and current restoration plan. • Managing the lifecycle of all incidents to restore normal service operation as quickly as possible and minimize the adverse impact on business operations across globe, thus insuring that the best possible levels of service quality and availability are maintained. • Monitoring the ticketing system and reviewing the communications which will be sent to higher management for all major incidents/outages. • Follow the Escalation process and keep up with the SLA's on all the new Escalation tickets and document incident chronology and timelines and support groups for Major incident resolution. • Complete assigned On-The-Job (OJT) training for the newly hired techs. • Preparing weekly meeting agenda which allows to improve coordination across teams and to discuss the overall incidents occurred in the past week. • Tracking the model of escalations and calculating the SLA's as a part of Quality check and circulating internal group.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Mohammed-Murtuza/0cdc3284bf1bbeab?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN https://www.indeed.com/r/Mohammed-Murtuza/0cdc3284bf1bbeab?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   • Join Daily Cross-Geo shift hand over calls to review all the ongoing high priority incidents/ escalations from Redmond, USA team to India &amp; Vice versa. • Create and publish post incident reports with high level incident summary and chronology to leadership team and thus suggest challenges and improvements to prevent reoccurrence of incident. • Identify and analyze problem requests and drive to circulate the RCA of the problem. • Pre Communication preparations for the various Planned Event Support which includes reserving the groups which allows to complete the activity as scheduled without any downtime.  Company: Genpact India Client: Schneider Electric  Major incident Management Team - Incident Coordinator  Roles and Responsibilities: • Provided ultimate ownership and responsibility for end to end Management activities for all Severity 1 &amp; 2 incidents. • Collaborate with internal and partner repair organizations, from engineers to executive and Ensures that the correct Technical teams are engaged and proper focus is paid to outages and recovery. • Documented and tracked the timeline of events that occurred in the process to resolution for each of the incidents managed in support of post mortem/root cause analysis. • Performed notifications and status of all incidents to high level internal leadership and client while managing SLA's. • Worked directly with Incident Lifecycle Coordinators to provide initial incident response. • Manage, escalate, status, and assist, coordinating repair efforts on Service Assurance issues • Provide updates to the Management of daily outages. Updating Outage forums. Company: Genpact India Client: Invensys  IT consultant Level-2 IT Consultant for Active Directory 2008, Exchange server 2007, VMware ESX 4 .1, Lync 2010 server. Roles and Responsibilities: • Managed User Accounts on Windows NT and UNIX Platform (Creation, Deletion, Permissions, and VPN Access for company user's and contractors/vendors) • Configure users, groups, group policy objects, service accounts. • Developed organizational units in Active Directory (AD) and managed user security with group policies. • Created and maintained email addresses and distribution lists in MS Exchange. • Compiled data to assist technical writers with IT new hire manuals and prepared data to report to testers for system enhancements. • Handled user account transfers from one field site to another moving client data to different servers, to ensure user accessibility. • Maintained Microsoft Exchange e-mail accounts and public folder access through Microsoft Exchange System Manager. • Served as lead contact for Desk Side Support Technicians, to provide assistance when trouble- shooting desk side issues.    • Setup queue's for networked printers and added clients to Blackberry Server, which enabled employees to efficiently conduct business while away from the office Company: Genpact India Client: Siemens  SAP SRM consultant  Key Responsibilities: • Functional support tickets handled in SAP SRM on the following areas of SAP-SRM. • Maintenance &amp; Creation of shopping carts • Workflow approvals • Creation of automatic account determination for consumables. • Maintenance on Purchase Orders  Company: Genpact India Client: Armstrong  Service desk representative.  Roles and Responsibilities: • Effectively answering inbound telephone calls from clients and providing client support through the use of an online knowledge base. • Partnered with Tier II and Tier III help desk peers based in the across the globe to resolve complex problems that required escalation. Provided detailed descriptions of issues in trouble ticket system and followed up diligently to ensure swift resolutions • Configuring &amp; troubleshooting Auto Discover, Offline Address Book, Out of Office, Scheduling &amp; free/busy, Exchange ActiveSync, Outlook Web Access, Outlook Connectivity, RPC over HTTP (Outlook Anywhere) • Troubleshooting for login issue, Microsoft Word, Excel, Access, Power Point, Front Page, Visio, Internet Explorer, Mozilla Firefox, Scanners, Desktop and Networked Printers. • Unlocking and resetting user's passwords for Active Directory, SAP application Company: Wipro Client: HP Worked as Technical support representative for HP laptop support. Roles and Responsibilities: • Diagnose, troubleshoot and resolve a range of software, hardware and connectivity issues. Excel in asking probing questions and researching, analyzing and rectifying problems in Windows XP/ Vista/7, MS Office, and LAN/WAN connectivity issues. • Installed software, configured and tested customer PC's, analyzed functionality of peripheral appendages. • Instructed and trained end-users regarding computer literacy • Trained in sales and guided customer's in helping to select the right product  EDUCATION  MBA in Marketing and Human Resources  Osmania University -  Hyderabad, Telangana  B.Sc in Electronics    Osmania University -  Hyderabad, Telangana  SKILLS  ACTIVE DIRECTORY (2 years), EXCEL (2 years), EXCHANGE (2 years), INCIDENT MANAGEMENT (2 years), OPERATIONS (2 years)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Professional Skills:  • ITIL- Incident Management, Problem Management, Event Management, Change Management, and Configuration Management System. • People Management, Shift Rostering, IT Operations management, Resource management • Virtualization platforms- VMWare, Microsoft Hyper-V • Active Directory 2008, Exchange server 2007, VMware ESX 4 .1, Lync 2010 server, SAP SRM  Tools: ServiceNow, Microsoft ICM, Send Word Now, SCOM, SolarWinds, , MS Clarity Connect, MS Centergy, BMC Remedy ticketing tool, Bomgar ticketing tool, Skype For Business, Microsoft OneNote, Microsoft StaffHub, MS Excel, PowerPoint tools.
[2391, 2433] Alok Khandai Operational Analyst (SQL DBA) Engineer - UNISYS  Bengaluru, Karnataka - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Alok-Khandai/5be849e443b8f467  ❖ Having 3.5 Years of IT experience in SQL Database Administration, System Analysis, Design, Development & Support of MS SQL Servers in Production, Development environments & Replication and Cluster Server Environments. ❖ Working Experience with relational database such as SQL. ❖ Experience in Installation, Configuration, Maintenance and Administration of SQL Server. ❖ Experience in upgrading SQL Server. ❖ Good experience with implementing DR solution, High Availability of database servers using Database mirroring and replications and Log Shipping. ❖ Experience in implementing SQL Server security and Object permissions like maintaining Database authentication modes, creation of users, configuring permissions and assigning roles to users. ❖ Experience in creating Jobs, Alerts, SQL Mail Agent ❖ Experience in performing integrity checks. Methods include configuring the database maintenance plan wizard and DBCC utilities ❖ Experience in using Performance Monitor, SQL Profiler and optimizing the queries, tracing long running queries and deadlocks. ❖ Experience in applying patches and service packs to keep the database at current patch level. ❖ Ability to manage own work and multitask to meet tight deadlines without losing sight of priorities..  Willing to relocate to: Bengaluru, Karnataka  WORK EXPERIENCE  Operational Analyst (SQL DBA) Engineer  UNISYS -  Bengaluru, Karnataka -  July 2016 to Present  ❖ Having 3.5 Years of IT experience in SQL Database Administration, System Analysis, Design, Development & Support of MS SQL Servers in Production, Development environments & Replication and Cluster Server Environments. ❖ Working Experience with relational database such as SQL. ❖ Experience in Installation, Configuration, Maintenance and Administration of SQL Server.  ❖ Experience in upgrading SQL Server. ❖ Good experience with implementing DR solution, High Availability of database servers using Database mirroring and replications and Log Shipping. ❖ Experience in implementing SQL Server security and Object permissions like maintaining Database authentication modes, creation of users, configuring permissions and assigning roles to users.  DBA Support Analyst  Microsoft Corporation -  Redmond, WA -  https://www.indeed.com/r/Alok-Khandai/5be849e443b8f467?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   July 2016 to Present  Client Description: Microsoft Corporation is an American public multinational corporation headquartered in Redmond, Washington, USA that develops, manufactures, licenses, and supports a wide range of products and services predominantly related to computing through its various product divisions.  Environment: Microsoft has E2E development and production environment of more than 25000 servers and applications. We are responsible for pro-active monitoring of all the servers and their jobs using monitoring tools to reduce critical business impact by alerting respective peer teams. Microsoft Service Enterprise an ITSM tools are used for ticketing and SharePoint portal is used to store all technical and process documentation.  Roles and Responsibilities: • Responsible for Database support, troubleshooting, planning and migration. Resource planning and coordination for application migrations with project managers, application and web app teams. Project involved guidance and adherence to standardized procedures for planned data center consolidation for worldwide centers using in-house corporate and third party applications based on SQL 2000 in upgrade project to SQL 2005. • Monitoring of database size and disk space in Production, Staging & Development environments • Performed installation of SQL Enterprise 2005 64bit version on Windows 2003 servers on Enterprise systems of clustered and standalone servers in enterprise Data Centers. Patch applications. • Failover cluster testing and resolution on HP servers as well as monitoring and backup reporting setup with Microsoft Operations Manager and backup teams. • Working in Microsoft production environment which includes applications and servers. • Configured Transactional Replication and Log Shipping with SQL Server Management Studio as well as basic account management and troubleshooting with connectivity, security and firewall issues. • Handling issues related to Server Availability, Performance. • Performed Production support and on Call duties • Conducted Performance Tuning using SQL Profiler and Windows Performance Monitor. • Worked with various business groups while developing their applications, assisting in database design, installing SQL Server clients, phasing from development to QA and to Production environment.  Previous Project ❖ Project Title: Finance Support ❖ Client: Costco Wholesale Corporation (USA) ❖ Team size: 22 ❖ Role: DBA Support Analyst ❖ Environment: Window 10  (SQL DBA Analyst) Engineer  HCL Technologies -  Bengaluru, Karnataka -  November 2014 to July 2016  〓 Performed server installation and configurations for SQL Server 2005 and SQL Server 2000.    〓 Performed installation of SQL Server Service Packs 〓 Upgraded databases from SQL Server 2000 to SQL Server 2005. 〓 Scheduled Full and Transactional log backups for the user created and system databases in the production environment using the Database Maintenance Plan Wizard. 〓 Setup backup and restoration jobs for development and QA environments 〓 Created transactional replication for the reporting applications. 〓 Implemented disaster recovery solution at the remote site for the production databases using Log Shipping. 〓 Used System monitor to find the bottlenecks in CPU, Disk I/O and memory devices and improved the database server performance. 〓 Used SQL Server Profiler to monitor and record database activities of particular users and applications. 〓 Used DBCC commands to troubleshoot issues related to database consistency 〓 Worked with various business groups while developing their applications, assisting in database design, installing SQL Server clients, phasing from development to QA and to Production environment  Microsoft Corporation -  November 2014 to July 2016  Client Description:  ❖ Costco Wholesale Corporation operates an international chain of membership warehouses, mainly under the "Costco Wholesale" name, that carry quality, brand name merchandise at substantially lower prices than are typically found at conventional wholesale or retail sources. The warehouses are designed to help small-to-medium-sized businesses reduce costs in purchasing for resale and for everyday business use. Individuals may also purchase for their personal needs.  ❖ Responsibilities:  ➢ Performed server installation and configurations for SQL Server 2005 and SQL Server 2000. ➢ Performed installation of SQL Server Service Packs ➢ Upgraded databases from SQL Server 2000 to SQL Server 2005. ➢ Scheduled Full and Transactional log backups for the user created and system databases in the production environment using the Database Maintenance Plan Wizard. ➢ Setup backup and restoration jobs for development and QA environments ➢ Created transactional replication for the reporting applications. ➢ Implemented disaster recovery solution at the remote site for the production databases using Log Shipping. ➢ Used System monitor to find the bottlenecks in CPU, Disk I/O and memory devices and improved the database server performance. ➢ Used SQL Server Profiler to monitor and record database activities of particular users and applications. ➢ Used DBCC commands to troubleshoot issues related to database consistency ➢ Worked with various business groups while developing their applications, assisting in database design, installing SQL Server clients, phasing from development to QA and to Production environment    EDUCATION  B.Tech in Computer Science and Engineering in CSE  Indira Gandhi Institute Of Technology  2012  SKILLS  Database (3 years), SQL (3 years), Sql Dba  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  TECHNICAL PROFICIENCY ❖ Operating Environment: […] Windows95/98/XP/NT ❖ Database Tool: SQL Management Studio (MSSQL), Business Development Studio, Visual studio 2005 ❖ Database Language: SQL, PL/SQL ❖ Ticket Tracking Tool: Service Now ❖ Reporting Tools: MS Reporting Services, SAS ❖ Languages: C, C++, PL/SQL
[4459, 4959] Praveen Bhaskar Program Manager (Software Delivery) - Office Beacon  Vadodara, Gujarat - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Praveen-Bhaskar/c9868b2e3dd70df1  WORK EXPERIENCE  Program Manager (Software Delivery)  Office Beacon -  Vadodara, Gujarat -  January 2016 to Present  • Global delivery &amp; Program management. • Determination of a viable project mix that meets the target of the organization. • Regular monitoring of the planning and execution of the optimal selected projects. • Evaluating the performance of portfolio and various ways for improving it. • Comparing the project execution capacity of the organisation. • Providing recommendations to decision makers at every level of the process management. • Coordinating cross-project activities. • Lead and evaluate project managers and other staff. • Develop and control deadlines, budgets and activities. • Apply change, risk and resource management. • Assume responsibility for the program's people and vendors. • Prepare reports for program directors. • Managing the PMO, Development and Support Functions.  Project Manager, Sr Consultant/ Infosys Limited  Tekskills India Pvt Ltd & Infosys Limited -  Pune, Maharashtra -  December 2015 to October 2016  Managing small to large scale projects as per the client requirements. • Co-coordinating with the onshore and offshore team for the successful completion of projects. • Interacting with the customers and coordinating with internal stake holders. • Planning, scoping and designing the entire project and ensure the project is delivered as per the business needs. • Preparing and maintaining project, stage and exception plans as required. Resume - Project Manager  • Managing project risks, including the development of contingency plans. • Applying change control and configuration management processes. • Maintaining an awareness of potential interdependencies with other projects and their impact • Identifying and obtaining support and advice required for the management, planning and control of the project.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Praveen-Bhaskar/c9868b2e3dd70df1?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   • Preparing any follow-on action recommendations.  Supervisor (Associate Manager)  Red Hat Inc -  Pune, Maharashtra -  August 2010 to October 2015  Managing a team of 20+ direct reportees that includes Technical Support Engineers, Team Leads and SMEs. • Managing Global Support Delivery Operations from India for recruiting, training and career development. • Handling customer escalations and ensuring positive customer engagement. Planning and executing the organizational level strategies to achieve the goals. • Build and oversee the day-to-day management technical team, consisting of junior to senior technical support engineers • Manage customer escalations with highly technical support requests from enterprise customers via the telephone and the web • Maintain a high level of customer satisfaction • Keep the team's technical and non-technical skills current by promoting and guiding ongoing professional and personal development • Implement strategic change for knowledge management, customer-centric support, and issue problem solving • Coordinate improvement programs for global support process and procedures as part of the front-line support management team across  Team Lead, Global Support Delivery | Red Hat Inc. PUNE, INDIA  • Acted as Team Lead for support delivery team of 40+ associates. o Working closely with the management for day Resume - Project Manager  to day operations. o Planning and executing team level strategies. • Prepare coverage plans to meet the business requirements. • Coaching/Training/Mentoring associates and providing feedback to management. • Planning and implementation of department level projects.  Software Engineer  POORNAM INFOVISION -  Kochi, Kerala -  October 2009 to August 2010  Remote administration of Web-hosting servers. Manage the IT infrastructure for dedicated clients. • Experience over control panels such as cPanel and Plesk.    • Setting up the IT infrastructure as per customer requirements  Linux Systems & Network Consultant  L OGIC SOLUTIONS PVT LTD -  Thiruvananthapuram, Kerala -  January 2007 to September 2009  To configure and control the Linux Systems, which also includes the Head server of the Institution and maintain the Network infrastructure.  EDUCATION  Higher Secondary Certificate  Kerala State  2003  Certificate  Kerala State  2001  SKILLS  MENTORING (5 years), TRAINING (5 years), PROGRAM MANAGER (2 years), PROJECT MANAGEMENT (2 years), CHANGE MANAGEMENT (Less than 1 year)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Skills Project Management, People Management, Stake Holder Management, Vendor Management, Project Planning Scheduling and Implementation, Risk Analysis, Cross-functional supervision, Team building and mentoring, Change Management, Escalation Handling, Change Management, Quality Assurance, Training &amp; Presentations. Resume - Program Manager
[4445, 4447] Praveen Bhaskar Program Manager (Software Delivery) - Office Beacon  Vadodara, Gujarat - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Praveen-Bhaskar/c9868b2e3dd70df1  WORK EXPERIENCE  Program Manager (Software Delivery)  Office Beacon -  Vadodara, Gujarat -  January 2016 to Present  • Global delivery &amp; Program management. • Determination of a viable project mix that meets the target of the organization. • Regular monitoring of the planning and execution of the optimal selected projects. • Evaluating the performance of portfolio and various ways for improving it. • Comparing the project execution capacity of the organisation. • Providing recommendations to decision makers at every level of the process management. • Coordinating cross-project activities. • Lead and evaluate project managers and other staff. • Develop and control deadlines, budgets and activities. • Apply change, risk and resource management. • Assume responsibility for the program's people and vendors. • Prepare reports for program directors. • Managing the PMO, Development and Support Functions.  Project Manager, Sr Consultant/ Infosys Limited  Tekskills India Pvt Ltd & Infosys Limited -  Pune, Maharashtra -  December 2015 to October 2016  Managing small to large scale projects as per the client requirements. • Co-coordinating with the onshore and offshore team for the successful completion of projects. • Interacting with the customers and coordinating with internal stake holders. • Planning, scoping and designing the entire project and ensure the project is delivered as per the business needs. • Preparing and maintaining project, stage and exception plans as required. Resume - Project Manager  • Managing project risks, including the development of contingency plans. • Applying change control and configuration management processes. • Maintaining an awareness of potential interdependencies with other projects and their impact • Identifying and obtaining support and advice required for the management, planning and control of the project.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Praveen-Bhaskar/c9868b2e3dd70df1?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   • Preparing any follow-on action recommendations.  Supervisor (Associate Manager)  Red Hat Inc -  Pune, Maharashtra -  August 2010 to October 2015  Managing a team of 20+ direct reportees that includes Technical Support Engineers, Team Leads and SMEs. • Managing Global Support Delivery Operations from India for recruiting, training and career development. • Handling customer escalations and ensuring positive customer engagement. Planning and executing the organizational level strategies to achieve the goals. • Build and oversee the day-to-day management technical team, consisting of junior to senior technical support engineers • Manage customer escalations with highly technical support requests from enterprise customers via the telephone and the web • Maintain a high level of customer satisfaction • Keep the team's technical and non-technical skills current by promoting and guiding ongoing professional and personal development • Implement strategic change for knowledge management, customer-centric support, and issue problem solving • Coordinate improvement programs for global support process and procedures as part of the front-line support management team across  Team Lead, Global Support Delivery | Red Hat Inc. PUNE, INDIA  • Acted as Team Lead for support delivery team of 40+ associates. o Working closely with the management for day Resume - Project Manager  to day operations. o Planning and executing team level strategies. • Prepare coverage plans to meet the business requirements. • Coaching/Training/Mentoring associates and providing feedback to management. • Planning and implementation of department level projects.  Software Engineer  POORNAM INFOVISION -  Kochi, Kerala -  October 2009 to August 2010  Remote administration of Web-hosting servers. Manage the IT infrastructure for dedicated clients. • Experience over control panels such as cPanel and Plesk.    • Setting up the IT infrastructure as per customer requirements  Linux Systems & Network Consultant  L OGIC SOLUTIONS PVT LTD -  Thiruvananthapuram, Kerala -  January 2007 to September 2009  To configure and control the Linux Systems, which also includes the Head server of the Institution and maintain the Network infrastructure.  EDUCATION  Higher Secondary Certificate  Kerala State  2003  Certificate  Kerala State  2001  SKILLS  MENTORING (5 years), TRAINING (5 years), PROGRAM MANAGER (2 years), PROJECT MANAGEMENT (2 years), CHANGE MANAGEMENT (Less than 1 year)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Skills Project Management, People Management, Stake Holder Management, Vendor Management, Project Planning Scheduling and Implementation, Risk Analysis, Cross-functional supervision, Team building and mentoring, Change Management, Escalation Handling, Change Management, Quality Assurance, Training &amp; Presentations. Resume - Program Manager
[4431, 4443] Praveen Bhaskar Program Manager (Software Delivery) - Office Beacon  Vadodara, Gujarat - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Praveen-Bhaskar/c9868b2e3dd70df1  WORK EXPERIENCE  Program Manager (Software Delivery)  Office Beacon -  Vadodara, Gujarat -  January 2016 to Present  • Global delivery &amp; Program management. • Determination of a viable project mix that meets the target of the organization. • Regular monitoring of the planning and execution of the optimal selected projects. • Evaluating the performance of portfolio and various ways for improving it. • Comparing the project execution capacity of the organisation. • Providing recommendations to decision makers at every level of the process management. • Coordinating cross-project activities. • Lead and evaluate project managers and other staff. • Develop and control deadlines, budgets and activities. • Apply change, risk and resource management. • Assume responsibility for the program's people and vendors. • Prepare reports for program directors. • Managing the PMO, Development and Support Functions.  Project Manager, Sr Consultant/ Infosys Limited  Tekskills India Pvt Ltd & Infosys Limited -  Pune, Maharashtra -  December 2015 to October 2016  Managing small to large scale projects as per the client requirements. • Co-coordinating with the onshore and offshore team for the successful completion of projects. • Interacting with the customers and coordinating with internal stake holders. • Planning, scoping and designing the entire project and ensure the project is delivered as per the business needs. • Preparing and maintaining project, stage and exception plans as required. Resume - Project Manager  • Managing project risks, including the development of contingency plans. • Applying change control and configuration management processes. • Maintaining an awareness of potential interdependencies with other projects and their impact • Identifying and obtaining support and advice required for the management, planning and control of the project.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Praveen-Bhaskar/c9868b2e3dd70df1?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   • Preparing any follow-on action recommendations.  Supervisor (Associate Manager)  Red Hat Inc -  Pune, Maharashtra -  August 2010 to October 2015  Managing a team of 20+ direct reportees that includes Technical Support Engineers, Team Leads and SMEs. • Managing Global Support Delivery Operations from India for recruiting, training and career development. • Handling customer escalations and ensuring positive customer engagement. Planning and executing the organizational level strategies to achieve the goals. • Build and oversee the day-to-day management technical team, consisting of junior to senior technical support engineers • Manage customer escalations with highly technical support requests from enterprise customers via the telephone and the web • Maintain a high level of customer satisfaction • Keep the team's technical and non-technical skills current by promoting and guiding ongoing professional and personal development • Implement strategic change for knowledge management, customer-centric support, and issue problem solving • Coordinate improvement programs for global support process and procedures as part of the front-line support management team across  Team Lead, Global Support Delivery | Red Hat Inc. PUNE, INDIA  • Acted as Team Lead for support delivery team of 40+ associates. o Working closely with the management for day Resume - Project Manager  to day operations. o Planning and executing team level strategies. • Prepare coverage plans to meet the business requirements. • Coaching/Training/Mentoring associates and providing feedback to management. • Planning and implementation of department level projects.  Software Engineer  POORNAM INFOVISION -  Kochi, Kerala -  October 2009 to August 2010  Remote administration of Web-hosting servers. Manage the IT infrastructure for dedicated clients. • Experience over control panels such as cPanel and Plesk.    • Setting up the IT infrastructure as per customer requirements  Linux Systems & Network Consultant  L OGIC SOLUTIONS PVT LTD -  Thiruvananthapuram, Kerala -  January 2007 to September 2009  To configure and control the Linux Systems, which also includes the Head server of the Institution and maintain the Network infrastructure.  EDUCATION  Higher Secondary Certificate  Kerala State  2003  Certificate  Kerala State  2001  SKILLS  MENTORING (5 years), TRAINING (5 years), PROGRAM MANAGER (2 years), PROJECT MANAGEMENT (2 years), CHANGE MANAGEMENT (Less than 1 year)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Skills Project Management, People Management, Stake Holder Management, Vendor Management, Project Planning Scheduling and Implementation, Risk Analysis, Cross-functional supervision, Team building and mentoring, Change Management, Escalation Handling, Change Management, Quality Assurance, Training &amp; Presentations. Resume - Program Manager
[4398, 4410] Praveen Bhaskar Program Manager (Software Delivery) - Office Beacon  Vadodara, Gujarat - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Praveen-Bhaskar/c9868b2e3dd70df1  WORK EXPERIENCE  Program Manager (Software Delivery)  Office Beacon -  Vadodara, Gujarat -  January 2016 to Present  • Global delivery &amp; Program management. • Determination of a viable project mix that meets the target of the organization. • Regular monitoring of the planning and execution of the optimal selected projects. • Evaluating the performance of portfolio and various ways for improving it. • Comparing the project execution capacity of the organisation. • Providing recommendations to decision makers at every level of the process management. • Coordinating cross-project activities. • Lead and evaluate project managers and other staff. • Develop and control deadlines, budgets and activities. • Apply change, risk and resource management. • Assume responsibility for the program's people and vendors. • Prepare reports for program directors. • Managing the PMO, Development and Support Functions.  Project Manager, Sr Consultant/ Infosys Limited  Tekskills India Pvt Ltd & Infosys Limited -  Pune, Maharashtra -  December 2015 to October 2016  Managing small to large scale projects as per the client requirements. • Co-coordinating with the onshore and offshore team for the successful completion of projects. • Interacting with the customers and coordinating with internal stake holders. • Planning, scoping and designing the entire project and ensure the project is delivered as per the business needs. • Preparing and maintaining project, stage and exception plans as required. Resume - Project Manager  • Managing project risks, including the development of contingency plans. • Applying change control and configuration management processes. • Maintaining an awareness of potential interdependencies with other projects and their impact • Identifying and obtaining support and advice required for the management, planning and control of the project.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Praveen-Bhaskar/c9868b2e3dd70df1?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   • Preparing any follow-on action recommendations.  Supervisor (Associate Manager)  Red Hat Inc -  Pune, Maharashtra -  August 2010 to October 2015  Managing a team of 20+ direct reportees that includes Technical Support Engineers, Team Leads and SMEs. • Managing Global Support Delivery Operations from India for recruiting, training and career development. • Handling customer escalations and ensuring positive customer engagement. Planning and executing the organizational level strategies to achieve the goals. • Build and oversee the day-to-day management technical team, consisting of junior to senior technical support engineers • Manage customer escalations with highly technical support requests from enterprise customers via the telephone and the web • Maintain a high level of customer satisfaction • Keep the team's technical and non-technical skills current by promoting and guiding ongoing professional and personal development • Implement strategic change for knowledge management, customer-centric support, and issue problem solving • Coordinate improvement programs for global support process and procedures as part of the front-line support management team across  Team Lead, Global Support Delivery | Red Hat Inc. PUNE, INDIA  • Acted as Team Lead for support delivery team of 40+ associates. o Working closely with the management for day Resume - Project Manager  to day operations. o Planning and executing team level strategies. • Prepare coverage plans to meet the business requirements. • Coaching/Training/Mentoring associates and providing feedback to management. • Planning and implementation of department level projects.  Software Engineer  POORNAM INFOVISION -  Kochi, Kerala -  October 2009 to August 2010  Remote administration of Web-hosting servers. Manage the IT infrastructure for dedicated clients. • Experience over control panels such as cPanel and Plesk.    • Setting up the IT infrastructure as per customer requirements  Linux Systems & Network Consultant  L OGIC SOLUTIONS PVT LTD -  Thiruvananthapuram, Kerala -  January 2007 to September 2009  To configure and control the Linux Systems, which also includes the Head server of the Institution and maintain the Network infrastructure.  EDUCATION  Higher Secondary Certificate  Kerala State  2003  Certificate  Kerala State  2001  SKILLS  MENTORING (5 years), TRAINING (5 years), PROGRAM MANAGER (2 years), PROJECT MANAGEMENT (2 years), CHANGE MANAGEMENT (Less than 1 year)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Skills Project Management, People Management, Stake Holder Management, Vendor Management, Project Planning Scheduling and Implementation, Risk Analysis, Cross-functional supervision, Team building and mentoring, Change Management, Escalation Handling, Change Management, Quality Assurance, Training &amp; Presentations. Resume - Program Manager
[4368, 4396] Praveen Bhaskar Program Manager (Software Delivery) - Office Beacon  Vadodara, Gujarat - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Praveen-Bhaskar/c9868b2e3dd70df1  WORK EXPERIENCE  Program Manager (Software Delivery)  Office Beacon -  Vadodara, Gujarat -  January 2016 to Present  • Global delivery &amp; Program management. • Determination of a viable project mix that meets the target of the organization. • Regular monitoring of the planning and execution of the optimal selected projects. • Evaluating the performance of portfolio and various ways for improving it. • Comparing the project execution capacity of the organisation. • Providing recommendations to decision makers at every level of the process management. • Coordinating cross-project activities. • Lead and evaluate project managers and other staff. • Develop and control deadlines, budgets and activities. • Apply change, risk and resource management. • Assume responsibility for the program's people and vendors. • Prepare reports for program directors. • Managing the PMO, Development and Support Functions.  Project Manager, Sr Consultant/ Infosys Limited  Tekskills India Pvt Ltd & Infosys Limited -  Pune, Maharashtra -  December 2015 to October 2016  Managing small to large scale projects as per the client requirements. • Co-coordinating with the onshore and offshore team for the successful completion of projects. • Interacting with the customers and coordinating with internal stake holders. • Planning, scoping and designing the entire project and ensure the project is delivered as per the business needs. • Preparing and maintaining project, stage and exception plans as required. Resume - Project Manager  • Managing project risks, including the development of contingency plans. • Applying change control and configuration management processes. • Maintaining an awareness of potential interdependencies with other projects and their impact • Identifying and obtaining support and advice required for the management, planning and control of the project.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Praveen-Bhaskar/c9868b2e3dd70df1?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   • Preparing any follow-on action recommendations.  Supervisor (Associate Manager)  Red Hat Inc -  Pune, Maharashtra -  August 2010 to October 2015  Managing a team of 20+ direct reportees that includes Technical Support Engineers, Team Leads and SMEs. • Managing Global Support Delivery Operations from India for recruiting, training and career development. • Handling customer escalations and ensuring positive customer engagement. Planning and executing the organizational level strategies to achieve the goals. • Build and oversee the day-to-day management technical team, consisting of junior to senior technical support engineers • Manage customer escalations with highly technical support requests from enterprise customers via the telephone and the web • Maintain a high level of customer satisfaction • Keep the team's technical and non-technical skills current by promoting and guiding ongoing professional and personal development • Implement strategic change for knowledge management, customer-centric support, and issue problem solving • Coordinate improvement programs for global support process and procedures as part of the front-line support management team across  Team Lead, Global Support Delivery | Red Hat Inc. PUNE, INDIA  • Acted as Team Lead for support delivery team of 40+ associates. o Working closely with the management for day Resume - Project Manager  to day operations. o Planning and executing team level strategies. • Prepare coverage plans to meet the business requirements. • Coaching/Training/Mentoring associates and providing feedback to management. • Planning and implementation of department level projects.  Software Engineer  POORNAM INFOVISION -  Kochi, Kerala -  October 2009 to August 2010  Remote administration of Web-hosting servers. Manage the IT infrastructure for dedicated clients. • Experience over control panels such as cPanel and Plesk.    • Setting up the IT infrastructure as per customer requirements  Linux Systems & Network Consultant  L OGIC SOLUTIONS PVT LTD -  Thiruvananthapuram, Kerala -  January 2007 to September 2009  To configure and control the Linux Systems, which also includes the Head server of the Institution and maintain the Network infrastructure.  EDUCATION  Higher Secondary Certificate  Kerala State  2003  Certificate  Kerala State  2001  SKILLS  MENTORING (5 years), TRAINING (5 years), PROGRAM MANAGER (2 years), PROJECT MANAGEMENT (2 years), CHANGE MANAGEMENT (Less than 1 year)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Skills Project Management, People Management, Stake Holder Management, Vendor Management, Project Planning Scheduling and Implementation, Risk Analysis, Cross-functional supervision, Team building and mentoring, Change Management, Escalation Handling, Change Management, Quality Assurance, Training &amp; Presentations. Resume - Program Manager
[774, 896] Fenil Francis head of operation and logistics  Trichur, Kerala - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Fenil-Francis/445e6b4cb0b43094  To succeed in an environment of growth and excellence and earn a job which provides me job satisfaction and self development and help me achieve personal as well as organization goals.  WORK EXPERIENCE  Manager  Masters equipments -  Trichur, Kerala -  May 2017 to Present  Sales Manager  Microsoft Power -  Trichur, Kerala -  May 2017 to Present  2. Microsoft Office: Microsoft Word, Microsoft Power point, Microsoft Excel  EDUCATION  B.Com in Computer Application  Madurai Kamaraj University -  Madurai, Tamil Nadu  2017  SSLC  Kerala State Board  2012  SKILLS  PROBLEM SOLVING (Less than 1 year)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  SKILLS &amp; ABILITIES: • Good Communication Skill • Sincere • Hard working • Leadership skill • Pleasing personality • Problem solving capability  https://www.indeed.com/r/Fenil-Francis/445e6b4cb0b43094?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN
[1750, 1759] Karthik G V Program Manager, Product Manager, Product Owner, BI / Datawarehouse, Big Data, Azure, Agile methodologies, Product Backlog  Secunderabad, Andhra Pradesh - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Karthik-G- V/283106d88eb4649c  Willing to relocate: Anywhere  WORK EXPERIENCE  Sr. Program Manager / Product Owner, Architect, Consultant  Microsoft India -  Hyderabad, Telangana -  February 2005 to Present  • 15+ years of experience in the IT &amp; Services Industry in multiple roles as DevOps Architect, Program Manager / Product Owner, Architect, Consultant. • Successfully delivered engagements in the US, UK, LATAM, Asia Pacific and Middle East Regions.  • Key specialization in building analytical platform, Datawarehouse and Business Intelligence solutions. Have delivered .Net, MVC, API solutions to different customers. • Experience on Program Management, Product Management, DevOps practices, Quality Assurance, Continuous Quality, Process setup &amp; implementation, Presales. • Customer solutions delivered using Agile methodology, Iterative development, Test Driven Development (TDD).  EDUCATION  PGDBM in Business Management  Narsee Monji -  Hyderabad, Telangana  SKILLS  Datawarehouse / Business Intelligence (10+ years), Agile Methodologies (6 years), Program Management (2 years), Agile (10+ years), Product Roadmap (2 years), Stakeholder Management (10+ years), Risk Management (10+ years)  LINKS  https://www.linkedin.com/in/karthik-g-v-7a25462/  AWARDS  Microsoft Technology Guru  February 2012  https://www.indeed.com/r/Karthik-G-V/283106d88eb4649c?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN https://www.indeed.com/r/Karthik-G-V/283106d88eb4649c?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN https://www.linkedin.com/in/karthik-g-v-7a25462/   Microsoft Role Model  February 2007  CERTIFICATIONS/LICENSES  ISTQB  ITIL  CITA  January 2016 to Present  Product Owner  CSM
[1467, 1476] Karthik G V Program Manager, Product Manager, Product Owner, BI / Datawarehouse, Big Data, Azure, Agile methodologies, Product Backlog  Secunderabad, Andhra Pradesh - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Karthik-G- V/283106d88eb4649c  Willing to relocate: Anywhere  WORK EXPERIENCE  Sr. Program Manager / Product Owner, Architect, Consultant  Microsoft India -  Hyderabad, Telangana -  February 2005 to Present  • 15+ years of experience in the IT &amp; Services Industry in multiple roles as DevOps Architect, Program Manager / Product Owner, Architect, Consultant. • Successfully delivered engagements in the US, UK, LATAM, Asia Pacific and Middle East Regions.  • Key specialization in building analytical platform, Datawarehouse and Business Intelligence solutions. Have delivered .Net, MVC, API solutions to different customers. • Experience on Program Management, Product Management, DevOps practices, Quality Assurance, Continuous Quality, Process setup &amp; implementation, Presales. • Customer solutions delivered using Agile methodology, Iterative development, Test Driven Development (TDD).  EDUCATION  PGDBM in Business Management  Narsee Monji -  Hyderabad, Telangana  SKILLS  Datawarehouse / Business Intelligence (10+ years), Agile Methodologies (6 years), Program Management (2 years), Agile (10+ years), Product Roadmap (2 years), Stakeholder Management (10+ years), Risk Management (10+ years)  LINKS  https://www.linkedin.com/in/karthik-g-v-7a25462/  AWARDS  Microsoft Technology Guru  February 2012  https://www.indeed.com/r/Karthik-G-V/283106d88eb4649c?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN https://www.indeed.com/r/Karthik-G-V/283106d88eb4649c?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN https://www.linkedin.com/in/karthik-g-v-7a25462/   Microsoft Role Model  February 2007  CERTIFICATIONS/LICENSES  ISTQB  ITIL  CITA  January 2016 to Present  Product Owner  CSM
[1133, 1145] Karthik G V Program Manager, Product Manager, Product Owner, BI / Datawarehouse, Big Data, Azure, Agile methodologies, Product Backlog  Secunderabad, Andhra Pradesh - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Karthik-G- V/283106d88eb4649c  Willing to relocate: Anywhere  WORK EXPERIENCE  Sr. Program Manager / Product Owner, Architect, Consultant  Microsoft India -  Hyderabad, Telangana -  February 2005 to Present  • 15+ years of experience in the IT &amp; Services Industry in multiple roles as DevOps Architect, Program Manager / Product Owner, Architect, Consultant. • Successfully delivered engagements in the US, UK, LATAM, Asia Pacific and Middle East Regions.  • Key specialization in building analytical platform, Datawarehouse and Business Intelligence solutions. Have delivered .Net, MVC, API solutions to different customers. • Experience on Program Management, Product Management, DevOps practices, Quality Assurance, Continuous Quality, Process setup &amp; implementation, Presales. • Customer solutions delivered using Agile methodology, Iterative development, Test Driven Development (TDD).  EDUCATION  PGDBM in Business Management  Narsee Monji -  Hyderabad, Telangana  SKILLS  Datawarehouse / Business Intelligence (10+ years), Agile Methodologies (6 years), Program Management (2 years), Agile (10+ years), Product Roadmap (2 years), Stakeholder Management (10+ years), Risk Management (10+ years)  LINKS  https://www.linkedin.com/in/karthik-g-v-7a25462/  AWARDS  Microsoft Technology Guru  February 2012  https://www.indeed.com/r/Karthik-G-V/283106d88eb4649c?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN https://www.indeed.com/r/Karthik-G-V/283106d88eb4649c?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN https://www.linkedin.com/in/karthik-g-v-7a25462/   Microsoft Role Model  February 2007  CERTIFICATIONS/LICENSES  ISTQB  ITIL  CITA  January 2016 to Present  Product Owner  CSM
[1103, 1131] Karthik G V Program Manager, Product Manager, Product Owner, BI / Datawarehouse, Big Data, Azure, Agile methodologies, Product Backlog  Secunderabad, Andhra Pradesh - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Karthik-G- V/283106d88eb4649c  Willing to relocate: Anywhere  WORK EXPERIENCE  Sr. Program Manager / Product Owner, Architect, Consultant  Microsoft India -  Hyderabad, Telangana -  February 2005 to Present  • 15+ years of experience in the IT &amp; Services Industry in multiple roles as DevOps Architect, Program Manager / Product Owner, Architect, Consultant. • Successfully delivered engagements in the US, UK, LATAM, Asia Pacific and Middle East Regions.  • Key specialization in building analytical platform, Datawarehouse and Business Intelligence solutions. Have delivered .Net, MVC, API solutions to different customers. • Experience on Program Management, Product Management, DevOps practices, Quality Assurance, Continuous Quality, Process setup &amp; implementation, Presales. • Customer solutions delivered using Agile methodology, Iterative development, Test Driven Development (TDD).  EDUCATION  PGDBM in Business Management  Narsee Monji -  Hyderabad, Telangana  SKILLS  Datawarehouse / Business Intelligence (10+ years), Agile Methodologies (6 years), Program Management (2 years), Agile (10+ years), Product Roadmap (2 years), Stakeholder Management (10+ years), Risk Management (10+ years)  LINKS  https://www.linkedin.com/in/karthik-g-v-7a25462/  AWARDS  Microsoft Technology Guru  February 2012  https://www.indeed.com/r/Karthik-G-V/283106d88eb4649c?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN https://www.indeed.com/r/Karthik-G-V/283106d88eb4649c?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN https://www.linkedin.com/in/karthik-g-v-7a25462/   Microsoft Role Model  February 2007  CERTIFICATIONS/LICENSES  ISTQB  ITIL  CITA  January 2016 to Present  Product Owner  CSM
[1305, 1347] Jacob Philip Kottayam, Kerala - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Jacob-Philip/db00d831146c9228  StrategicSales, experienceinSales, skills.Currently, success.  WORK EXPERIENCE  Sales and marketing specialist  ASSISTANTBUSINESSDEVELOPMENTMANAGER -  Dubai, AE -  February 2017 to October 2017  UAE • -Builtstrong clientrelationshipsandprovidedhighvalue-addingservices, resultingina15% company marketshareincrease • Developstools, practicesacrosstheorganization • Negotiatingcontractsandpackages, Negotiatingthetermsofanagreementwithaviewto closingsale •, expense, andnew businessdata • WorkedcloselywithPartners, throughconductingqualityassurancetests.Actasthepointofcontactandcommunicate projectstatustoallparticipantsinourteam  ORDINATOR  MARKETINGCO -  January 2015 to June 2016  BhimaJewelers Kerala, India •, and systemreportforms • Plannedandexecutedeventsandmarketingprograms, producingfivetimestargetnumberof qualifiedleads • Implements marketing and advertising campaigns by assembling and analyzing sales forecastsandincreasedperformanceby52percent • Preparesmarketingreportsbycollecting, analyzing, andsummarizingsalesdata • Assignedtaskstoassociates, staffedprojects, trackedprogressandupdatedmanagers, and clients  Atlas star medical center  CUSTOMERSERVICEEXECUTIVE -  Dubai, AE -  https://www.indeed.com/r/Jacob-Philip/db00d831146c9228?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   December 2012 to May 2014  UnitedArabEmirates • Maintainandorganizeacustomerdatabaseofover10, 000members • Evaluatedpatientcareneeds, prioritizedtreatment, andmaintainedpatientflow • Responsibleforprimarycare, casemanagement, andmedicationmanagement • Dealtwithinsurancecards, cashcollection, billing, ande-claims;inadditiontohandling incomingcallsorenquiriesfrompatients •, and systemreportforms  Sun infosys  SALESOFFICER -  July 2010 to July 2012  Sun-Infosystems Kerala, India increasedcompanyexposure, customertraffic, andsales materialsforsalespresentationsandclientmeetings • Inadditiontoinventoryrecordingandmaintainstocks, assignedtaskstoassociates, staffed projects, trackedprogressandupdatedmanagers, partnersandclientsasnecessary  EDUCATION  Bachelor's  SKILLS  Excel (Less than 1 year), Word (Less than 1 year)  LINKS  https://www.linkedin.com/in/jacob-philip-a52744138  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  CORECOMPETENCIES: • Meetdead-lineswitheaseandefficiency • Pleasantandeffectivecustomerservice&amp;managementskills • FluentinEnglish, Hindi, Tamil, andMalayalamLanguages • StrongunderstandingofMicrosoftOffice (Excel, Word, andPowerpoint)  https://www.linkedin.com/in/jacob-philip-a52744138
[2210, 2251] Ashok Kunam Team Lead - Microsoft  - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Ashok-Kunam/7aac8767aacf10a0  • Software Engineering professional with over 2.5 years of experience in development, enhancement, integration, implementation and maintenance of software applications using Oracle • Served some of the major clients such as Microsoft, Cisco, Oracle Eloqua, iTalent • Knowledge of Operating Systems (OS) coding techniques, Internet Protocol (IP), interfaces and hardware subsystems, reading schematics and data sheets for components • Expertise in Java, J2EE, hibernate, spring, PHP, Nifi, Angular JS, JavaScript, JQuery, REST Web services, Jive, Lithium • Successfully developed cloud based connectors using REST Web services and JIVE custom tiles & plugins • Proficient in end-to-end implementation of various projects; including designing, development, coding, debugging, analyzing the logs & implementation of software applications • Proven skills of understanding business requirements and translating them into technical specifications • Possess interpersonal, analytical and negotiation skills with proven track record of utilizing a process-oriented approach towards the accomplishment of cost, profit, service & organizational goals  WORK EXPERIENCE  Team Lead  Microsoft -  July 2017 to Present  • Environment: Java 1.8, Spring MVC, Hibernate, REST API Calls, Power BI desktop tool, Lithium Bulk data API, SQL Server, Maven, Log 4j, Git, JIRA, Scrum • Role: Team Lead • Period: July '17 - Till Date • Description: Power BI deployed on Lithium Community, 7, 000 Power BI users can collaborate and transfer the knowledge among them. On an average 150 k activity per day in the community. Cloud Connector is required to fetch the all the activities from the community and perform data mining and preserve into database as report generator format • Highlights: ◦ Provided support in the total software development life cycle of the project ◦ Implemented cloud connector to read the Lithium bulk data API, parse the data and inserted it into SQL Server ◦ Generated views as per requirements & prepared Power BI reports  • Organization: iTalent Corporation • Title: MyiTalent • Client: iTalent  https://www.indeed.com/r/Ashok-Kunam/7aac8767aacf10a0?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   • Environment: Java 1.8, PHP, REST API Calls, hibernate, Angular JS, CSS, MySQL, Maven, Log 4j, Git, JIRA, Linux • Role: Team Lead • Period: July '17 - Till Date • Description: Instantly find and hire the right candidate for your job opening. With MyiTalent, corporate human resource managers and hiring managers can now easily manage the hiring process with their recruiters. Review and select from pre-screened candidates that match your requirements. Find and identify experts within your company. Browse project scope of work and details, including budget information. Collaborate with your own personal recruiter at all times. Provide feedback on candidates and projects • Highlights: ◦ Developed PHP Backend Services ◦ Implemented ZOHO integration for jobs and candidates using REST web services ◦ Created Cron Job to fetch candidates from ZOHO  • Organization: iTalent Corporation • Title: CSC • Client: Cisco • Environment: Java 1.8, Spring MVC, Hibernate, REST API Calls, Lithium Bulk data API, MySQL, Maven, Log 4j, Git, JIRA, Scrum • Role: Team Lead • Period: July '17 - Till Date • Description: Migration from Drupal community to the Lithium Community which is enhanced with custom cloud search using Attivio. • Highlights: ◦ Provided support in the total software development life cycle of the project ◦ Implemented cloud connector to read the Lithium bulk data API, parse the data and inserted it into SQL Server ◦ Generated views as per requirements & prepared Power BI reports  EDUCATION  Bachelor of Technology in ECE  Jawaharlal Nehru Technology University -  Kakinada, Andhra Pradesh  2014  SKILLS  database (Less than 1 year), Git (Less than 1 year), Java (Less than 1 year), JIRA (Less than 1 year), life cycle (Less than 1 year)  LINKS  https://www.linkedin.com/in/ashok-kunam-85a845a8  https://www.linkedin.com/in/ashok-kunam-85a845a8   ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Technical Skills  • Programming Languages: Java & J2EE, PHP, Apache Nifi, SOAP Web Services, Rest Web Services, Jackson-2 • Framework's: Spring, Hibernate, Junit, Mockito • Database: MYSQL, SQL Server, Oracle • App/Web Servers: Tomcat, Apache  • Operating Systems: Windows, Linux • SKM: Lithium • Tools: Git, JIRA, Eclipse, putty  Knowledge Purview  • Methodologies and Principles: ◦ Code Generation Tools ◦ Documentation Generation ◦ Inversion of Control ◦ Iterative Development ◦ Object Oriented Programming ◦ Deployment ◦ Agile  Professional Experience  Core Competencies  ~ Requirement Gathering ~ Deployment & Support ~ Project Management ~ Software Development Life Cycle ~ Delivery Management ~ Quality Assurance ~ Application / Software Development ~ Liaison & Coordination
[6994, 7348] Vineeth Vijayan "Store Executive" - Orange City Hospital & Research Institute  Nagpur, Maharashtra, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Vineeth-Vijayan/ ee84e7ea0695181f  I have over 2 years of experience working as a "Store Executive" in a reputed big organisation based in India. I am a hard worker and a very good learner. I aspire to grow in my career by joining a good organisation.  I am good at work and people management. I possess good computer knowledge. I have underwent training in courses like MS Excel Level 1, 2 &amp; 3. MS Word &amp; Powerpoint. I have experience working in ERP. I am a certified ISO 27001: 2013 Internal Auditor.  Willing to relocate: Anywhere  WORK EXPERIENCE  "Store Executive"  Orange City Hospital & Research Institute -  Nagpur, Maharashtra -  March 2016 to Present  Job Profile: - 1. Keep records to maintain inventory control, cost containment and to assure proper stock levels. 2. Rotate stock and arrange for disposal of surpluses. 3. Plan and perform work that involves ordering, receiving, inspecting, returning, unloading, shelving, packing, labeling and maintaining a perpetual inventory of items. 4. Coordinate freight handling, equipment moving and minor repairs. 5. Perform peripheral site-specific duties as required and instructed by supervisors. 6. Monitoring and updating stock details etc. in Mednet store software. Use ABC, VED &amp; FSN Stock Analysis methods when required. 7. Report any stock discrepancy to supervisor for appropriate action.  "HR Officer "  Gulf Warehousing Company Qatar - Agility Group -  January 2012 to July 2015  a multinational company catering Customers in the field of Warehousing, Freight Forwarding, Records Management, Courier and International Relocation Services.  Job Profile: - 1. Deliver new hires orientation program to enable new hires to adjust themselves to new working environment and facilitating newcomers joining formalities. 2. Design and develop Training Calendar and budget for all type of training programs, for the year ahead for all designations within the company, according to the needs of the business and Training Need Analysis survey results.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Vineeth-Vijayan/ee84e7ea0695181f?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN https://www.indeed.com/r/Vineeth-Vijayan/ee84e7ea0695181f?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   3. Sourcing and coordinating with external vendors for training that are requested by line managers/departments. 4. Maintaining employee training records and updating it on a regular basis. 5. Assist Supervisors in developing and implementing changes in HR policies and procedures. 6. Coordinate in conducting employee engagement programs. 7. Support departments in complying with ISO Quality Management requirements and facilitate various HR related welfare activities.  "Training Coordinator"  M-Squared Software & Services - Kerala -  Kerala, IN -  July 2010 to December 2011  a US based company with headquarters in Nevada, Las Vegas that deals with security gadgets, medical transcription and software development.  Job Profile: - 1. Perform regular office administration duties that includes: Office infrastructure management, housekeeping supervision, responding and sending e-mails to head office and clients, monitoring time-in &amp; time-out of employees, managing employee leave status and office cash management. 2. Handle walk-in enquires, attend telephone calls and conduct course induction sessions for new joiners. 3. Train the students in work related processes. 4. Anchoring and conducting course related seminars in well-established educational institutions. 5. Manage training materials that are stipulated within the company regulations. 6. Formulating training programs and sending it to training manager and to all concerned departments for approval. 7. Preparing tools for training. 8. Organize the training that includes: distribution of training materials, monitor trainees in training and support trainers in training. 9. Record training plans and training programs. 10. Maintain employees and students database. 11. Record results of evaluation and training. 12. Archive records of training, including course content, the training, number of students, results, and feedback. 13. Conduct team huddles/counseling sessions for trainees when required.  "Manager"  Nair IT Pvt. Ltd -  Nagpur, Maharashtra -  September 2008 to July 2010  Client: Accentia Oak Technologies.  Job Profile: - 1. To manage the day-to-day planning, operation and problem-solving of the team to meet the required service level components, quality and productivity targets of the client.    2. Delivery of team statistics, quality and productivity targets &amp; indicators, taking note any downtime during the day and report it to the management level superiors. 3. Operational Management: Managing the floor, adherence to schedule and monitoring of attendance. Submits daily report to the management level superiors. 4. Monitoring the portal periodically, prioritizing jobs according to TAT, and assigning jobs to correct work pool. 5. Coaching and relaying feedback to MTs/Editors. 6. To motivate the team to achieve the client targets. Update the team on the status of work at the start and end of each shift. 7. Compiling reports on team's performance and client feedback.  "Process Executive" in Infosys BPO Limited, Bangalore  CISCO -  Bengaluru, Karnataka -  January 2006 to July 2008  Job Profile: - 1. To handle end to end order placement process of Cisco. 2. Book orders for customers as per Cisco's booking policies. 3. Customer advocacy. 4. Check and avail special discounts, services, licensing, upgrades etc., to the customers. 5. Receive customer feedback on products, services etc., and resolve them if any. 6. To work along with logistic team to ensure that the products reach precise destinations safely. 7. Provide round the clock 24/7 customer service to the client.  "Sr. Medical Transcriptionist"  DTS Information Systems Pvt. Ltd -  Bengaluru, Karnataka -  December 2004 to January 2006  in DTS Information Systems Pvt. Ltd, Bangalore (A wholly owned subsidiary of DTS America Inc., Tennessee, USA) from Dec 2004 - Jan 2006. Client: Vanderbilt University Medical Center, Nashville, Tennessee.  Job Profile: - 1. To transcribe documents pertaining to patient's summary of illness, diseases and diagnostic procedures etc. to avail medical insurance claims as per American transcription guidelines. 2. To ensure that finished end document meets the clients TAT and Quality requirements. 3. To counsel MT's regarding their errors etc and if needed conduct team huddles. Computer Exposure  Operating System: Windows XP Microsoft Office Package: MS Excel, MS Word, MS Access and Power Point. Experience in working on Oracle.  ❖ Completed MS Excel Level 1, 2 &amp; 3 Courses from New Horizons Computer Training Center, Qatar.    EDUCATION  B.Sc. in Microbiology in Microbiology  S.N.G College, Bharathiar University  April 2004  SKILLS  Storekeeping / Inventory Management / Purchase (2 years), People & Time Management (2 years)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Competencies  ❖ Effective communications skills, excellent interpersonal skills, good time management skills, results-oriented individual and a very good team player. ❖ Sincere, hardworking and willing to take up challenging assignments.  Other Qualifications  ❖ ISO 27001: 2013 Internal Auditor Certification from Coms Vantage Consultancy, Qatar in October 2014 ❖ ISO 27001: 2013 Awareness Certification from Coms Vantage Consultancy, Qatar in September 2014 ❖ Carriage of Dangerous Goods by Road Certification in 2012 from IRU Academy in tie up with Mowasalat - State of Qatar owned Transport Company. ❖ First class in Hindi Parichaya Examination conducted by Dakshina Bharat Hindi Prachar Sabha. ❖ Second class in Prathamic Examination conducted by Dakshina Bharat Hindi Prachar Sabha.
[6936, 6972] Vineeth Vijayan "Store Executive" - Orange City Hospital & Research Institute  Nagpur, Maharashtra, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Vineeth-Vijayan/ ee84e7ea0695181f  I have over 2 years of experience working as a "Store Executive" in a reputed big organisation based in India. I am a hard worker and a very good learner. I aspire to grow in my career by joining a good organisation.  I am good at work and people management. I possess good computer knowledge. I have underwent training in courses like MS Excel Level 1, 2 &amp; 3. MS Word &amp; Powerpoint. I have experience working in ERP. I am a certified ISO 27001: 2013 Internal Auditor.  Willing to relocate: Anywhere  WORK EXPERIENCE  "Store Executive"  Orange City Hospital & Research Institute -  Nagpur, Maharashtra -  March 2016 to Present  Job Profile: - 1. Keep records to maintain inventory control, cost containment and to assure proper stock levels. 2. Rotate stock and arrange for disposal of surpluses. 3. Plan and perform work that involves ordering, receiving, inspecting, returning, unloading, shelving, packing, labeling and maintaining a perpetual inventory of items. 4. Coordinate freight handling, equipment moving and minor repairs. 5. Perform peripheral site-specific duties as required and instructed by supervisors. 6. Monitoring and updating stock details etc. in Mednet store software. Use ABC, VED &amp; FSN Stock Analysis methods when required. 7. Report any stock discrepancy to supervisor for appropriate action.  "HR Officer "  Gulf Warehousing Company Qatar - Agility Group -  January 2012 to July 2015  a multinational company catering Customers in the field of Warehousing, Freight Forwarding, Records Management, Courier and International Relocation Services.  Job Profile: - 1. Deliver new hires orientation program to enable new hires to adjust themselves to new working environment and facilitating newcomers joining formalities. 2. Design and develop Training Calendar and budget for all type of training programs, for the year ahead for all designations within the company, according to the needs of the business and Training Need Analysis survey results.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Vineeth-Vijayan/ee84e7ea0695181f?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN https://www.indeed.com/r/Vineeth-Vijayan/ee84e7ea0695181f?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   3. Sourcing and coordinating with external vendors for training that are requested by line managers/departments. 4. Maintaining employee training records and updating it on a regular basis. 5. Assist Supervisors in developing and implementing changes in HR policies and procedures. 6. Coordinate in conducting employee engagement programs. 7. Support departments in complying with ISO Quality Management requirements and facilitate various HR related welfare activities.  "Training Coordinator"  M-Squared Software & Services - Kerala -  Kerala, IN -  July 2010 to December 2011  a US based company with headquarters in Nevada, Las Vegas that deals with security gadgets, medical transcription and software development.  Job Profile: - 1. Perform regular office administration duties that includes: Office infrastructure management, housekeeping supervision, responding and sending e-mails to head office and clients, monitoring time-in &amp; time-out of employees, managing employee leave status and office cash management. 2. Handle walk-in enquires, attend telephone calls and conduct course induction sessions for new joiners. 3. Train the students in work related processes. 4. Anchoring and conducting course related seminars in well-established educational institutions. 5. Manage training materials that are stipulated within the company regulations. 6. Formulating training programs and sending it to training manager and to all concerned departments for approval. 7. Preparing tools for training. 8. Organize the training that includes: distribution of training materials, monitor trainees in training and support trainers in training. 9. Record training plans and training programs. 10. Maintain employees and students database. 11. Record results of evaluation and training. 12. Archive records of training, including course content, the training, number of students, results, and feedback. 13. Conduct team huddles/counseling sessions for trainees when required.  "Manager"  Nair IT Pvt. Ltd -  Nagpur, Maharashtra -  September 2008 to July 2010  Client: Accentia Oak Technologies.  Job Profile: - 1. To manage the day-to-day planning, operation and problem-solving of the team to meet the required service level components, quality and productivity targets of the client.    2. Delivery of team statistics, quality and productivity targets &amp; indicators, taking note any downtime during the day and report it to the management level superiors. 3. Operational Management: Managing the floor, adherence to schedule and monitoring of attendance. Submits daily report to the management level superiors. 4. Monitoring the portal periodically, prioritizing jobs according to TAT, and assigning jobs to correct work pool. 5. Coaching and relaying feedback to MTs/Editors. 6. To motivate the team to achieve the client targets. Update the team on the status of work at the start and end of each shift. 7. Compiling reports on team's performance and client feedback.  "Process Executive" in Infosys BPO Limited, Bangalore  CISCO -  Bengaluru, Karnataka -  January 2006 to July 2008  Job Profile: - 1. To handle end to end order placement process of Cisco. 2. Book orders for customers as per Cisco's booking policies. 3. Customer advocacy. 4. Check and avail special discounts, services, licensing, upgrades etc., to the customers. 5. Receive customer feedback on products, services etc., and resolve them if any. 6. To work along with logistic team to ensure that the products reach precise destinations safely. 7. Provide round the clock 24/7 customer service to the client.  "Sr. Medical Transcriptionist"  DTS Information Systems Pvt. Ltd -  Bengaluru, Karnataka -  December 2004 to January 2006  in DTS Information Systems Pvt. Ltd, Bangalore (A wholly owned subsidiary of DTS America Inc., Tennessee, USA) from Dec 2004 - Jan 2006. Client: Vanderbilt University Medical Center, Nashville, Tennessee.  Job Profile: - 1. To transcribe documents pertaining to patient's summary of illness, diseases and diagnostic procedures etc. to avail medical insurance claims as per American transcription guidelines. 2. To ensure that finished end document meets the clients TAT and Quality requirements. 3. To counsel MT's regarding their errors etc and if needed conduct team huddles. Computer Exposure  Operating System: Windows XP Microsoft Office Package: MS Excel, MS Word, MS Access and Power Point. Experience in working on Oracle.  ❖ Completed MS Excel Level 1, 2 &amp; 3 Courses from New Horizons Computer Training Center, Qatar.    EDUCATION  B.Sc. in Microbiology in Microbiology  S.N.G College, Bharathiar University  April 2004  SKILLS  Storekeeping / Inventory Management / Purchase (2 years), People & Time Management (2 years)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Competencies  ❖ Effective communications skills, excellent interpersonal skills, good time management skills, results-oriented individual and a very good team player. ❖ Sincere, hardworking and willing to take up challenging assignments.  Other Qualifications  ❖ ISO 27001: 2013 Internal Auditor Certification from Coms Vantage Consultancy, Qatar in October 2014 ❖ ISO 27001: 2013 Awareness Certification from Coms Vantage Consultancy, Qatar in September 2014 ❖ Carriage of Dangerous Goods by Road Certification in 2012 from IRU Academy in tie up with Mowasalat - State of Qatar owned Transport Company. ❖ First class in Hindi Parichaya Examination conducted by Dakshina Bharat Hindi Prachar Sabha. ❖ Second class in Prathamic Examination conducted by Dakshina Bharat Hindi Prachar Sabha.
[6897, 6934] Vineeth Vijayan "Store Executive" - Orange City Hospital & Research Institute  Nagpur, Maharashtra, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Vineeth-Vijayan/ ee84e7ea0695181f  I have over 2 years of experience working as a "Store Executive" in a reputed big organisation based in India. I am a hard worker and a very good learner. I aspire to grow in my career by joining a good organisation.  I am good at work and people management. I possess good computer knowledge. I have underwent training in courses like MS Excel Level 1, 2 &amp; 3. MS Word &amp; Powerpoint. I have experience working in ERP. I am a certified ISO 27001: 2013 Internal Auditor.  Willing to relocate: Anywhere  WORK EXPERIENCE  "Store Executive"  Orange City Hospital & Research Institute -  Nagpur, Maharashtra -  March 2016 to Present  Job Profile: - 1. Keep records to maintain inventory control, cost containment and to assure proper stock levels. 2. Rotate stock and arrange for disposal of surpluses. 3. Plan and perform work that involves ordering, receiving, inspecting, returning, unloading, shelving, packing, labeling and maintaining a perpetual inventory of items. 4. Coordinate freight handling, equipment moving and minor repairs. 5. Perform peripheral site-specific duties as required and instructed by supervisors. 6. Monitoring and updating stock details etc. in Mednet store software. Use ABC, VED &amp; FSN Stock Analysis methods when required. 7. Report any stock discrepancy to supervisor for appropriate action.  "HR Officer "  Gulf Warehousing Company Qatar - Agility Group -  January 2012 to July 2015  a multinational company catering Customers in the field of Warehousing, Freight Forwarding, Records Management, Courier and International Relocation Services.  Job Profile: - 1. Deliver new hires orientation program to enable new hires to adjust themselves to new working environment and facilitating newcomers joining formalities. 2. Design and develop Training Calendar and budget for all type of training programs, for the year ahead for all designations within the company, according to the needs of the business and Training Need Analysis survey results.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Vineeth-Vijayan/ee84e7ea0695181f?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN https://www.indeed.com/r/Vineeth-Vijayan/ee84e7ea0695181f?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   3. Sourcing and coordinating with external vendors for training that are requested by line managers/departments. 4. Maintaining employee training records and updating it on a regular basis. 5. Assist Supervisors in developing and implementing changes in HR policies and procedures. 6. Coordinate in conducting employee engagement programs. 7. Support departments in complying with ISO Quality Management requirements and facilitate various HR related welfare activities.  "Training Coordinator"  M-Squared Software & Services - Kerala -  Kerala, IN -  July 2010 to December 2011  a US based company with headquarters in Nevada, Las Vegas that deals with security gadgets, medical transcription and software development.  Job Profile: - 1. Perform regular office administration duties that includes: Office infrastructure management, housekeeping supervision, responding and sending e-mails to head office and clients, monitoring time-in &amp; time-out of employees, managing employee leave status and office cash management. 2. Handle walk-in enquires, attend telephone calls and conduct course induction sessions for new joiners. 3. Train the students in work related processes. 4. Anchoring and conducting course related seminars in well-established educational institutions. 5. Manage training materials that are stipulated within the company regulations. 6. Formulating training programs and sending it to training manager and to all concerned departments for approval. 7. Preparing tools for training. 8. Organize the training that includes: distribution of training materials, monitor trainees in training and support trainers in training. 9. Record training plans and training programs. 10. Maintain employees and students database. 11. Record results of evaluation and training. 12. Archive records of training, including course content, the training, number of students, results, and feedback. 13. Conduct team huddles/counseling sessions for trainees when required.  "Manager"  Nair IT Pvt. Ltd -  Nagpur, Maharashtra -  September 2008 to July 2010  Client: Accentia Oak Technologies.  Job Profile: - 1. To manage the day-to-day planning, operation and problem-solving of the team to meet the required service level components, quality and productivity targets of the client.    2. Delivery of team statistics, quality and productivity targets &amp; indicators, taking note any downtime during the day and report it to the management level superiors. 3. Operational Management: Managing the floor, adherence to schedule and monitoring of attendance. Submits daily report to the management level superiors. 4. Monitoring the portal periodically, prioritizing jobs according to TAT, and assigning jobs to correct work pool. 5. Coaching and relaying feedback to MTs/Editors. 6. To motivate the team to achieve the client targets. Update the team on the status of work at the start and end of each shift. 7. Compiling reports on team's performance and client feedback.  "Process Executive" in Infosys BPO Limited, Bangalore  CISCO -  Bengaluru, Karnataka -  January 2006 to July 2008  Job Profile: - 1. To handle end to end order placement process of Cisco. 2. Book orders for customers as per Cisco's booking policies. 3. Customer advocacy. 4. Check and avail special discounts, services, licensing, upgrades etc., to the customers. 5. Receive customer feedback on products, services etc., and resolve them if any. 6. To work along with logistic team to ensure that the products reach precise destinations safely. 7. Provide round the clock 24/7 customer service to the client.  "Sr. Medical Transcriptionist"  DTS Information Systems Pvt. Ltd -  Bengaluru, Karnataka -  December 2004 to January 2006  in DTS Information Systems Pvt. Ltd, Bangalore (A wholly owned subsidiary of DTS America Inc., Tennessee, USA) from Dec 2004 - Jan 2006. Client: Vanderbilt University Medical Center, Nashville, Tennessee.  Job Profile: - 1. To transcribe documents pertaining to patient's summary of illness, diseases and diagnostic procedures etc. to avail medical insurance claims as per American transcription guidelines. 2. To ensure that finished end document meets the clients TAT and Quality requirements. 3. To counsel MT's regarding their errors etc and if needed conduct team huddles. Computer Exposure  Operating System: Windows XP Microsoft Office Package: MS Excel, MS Word, MS Access and Power Point. Experience in working on Oracle.  ❖ Completed MS Excel Level 1, 2 &amp; 3 Courses from New Horizons Computer Training Center, Qatar.    EDUCATION  B.Sc. in Microbiology in Microbiology  S.N.G College, Bharathiar University  April 2004  SKILLS  Storekeeping / Inventory Management / Purchase (2 years), People & Time Management (2 years)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Competencies  ❖ Effective communications skills, excellent interpersonal skills, good time management skills, results-oriented individual and a very good team player. ❖ Sincere, hardworking and willing to take up challenging assignments.  Other Qualifications  ❖ ISO 27001: 2013 Internal Auditor Certification from Coms Vantage Consultancy, Qatar in October 2014 ❖ ISO 27001: 2013 Awareness Certification from Coms Vantage Consultancy, Qatar in September 2014 ❖ Carriage of Dangerous Goods by Road Certification in 2012 from IRU Academy in tie up with Mowasalat - State of Qatar owned Transport Company. ❖ First class in Hindi Parichaya Examination conducted by Dakshina Bharat Hindi Prachar Sabha. ❖ Second class in Prathamic Examination conducted by Dakshina Bharat Hindi Prachar Sabha.
[4360, 4365] Vineeth Vijayan "Store Executive" - Orange City Hospital & Research Institute  Nagpur, Maharashtra, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Vineeth-Vijayan/ ee84e7ea0695181f  I have over 2 years of experience working as a "Store Executive" in a reputed big organisation based in India. I am a hard worker and a very good learner. I aspire to grow in my career by joining a good organisation.  I am good at work and people management. I possess good computer knowledge. I have underwent training in courses like MS Excel Level 1, 2 &amp; 3. MS Word &amp; Powerpoint. I have experience working in ERP. I am a certified ISO 27001: 2013 Internal Auditor.  Willing to relocate: Anywhere  WORK EXPERIENCE  "Store Executive"  Orange City Hospital & Research Institute -  Nagpur, Maharashtra -  March 2016 to Present  Job Profile: - 1. Keep records to maintain inventory control, cost containment and to assure proper stock levels. 2. Rotate stock and arrange for disposal of surpluses. 3. Plan and perform work that involves ordering, receiving, inspecting, returning, unloading, shelving, packing, labeling and maintaining a perpetual inventory of items. 4. Coordinate freight handling, equipment moving and minor repairs. 5. Perform peripheral site-specific duties as required and instructed by supervisors. 6. Monitoring and updating stock details etc. in Mednet store software. Use ABC, VED &amp; FSN Stock Analysis methods when required. 7. Report any stock discrepancy to supervisor for appropriate action.  "HR Officer "  Gulf Warehousing Company Qatar - Agility Group -  January 2012 to July 2015  a multinational company catering Customers in the field of Warehousing, Freight Forwarding, Records Management, Courier and International Relocation Services.  Job Profile: - 1. Deliver new hires orientation program to enable new hires to adjust themselves to new working environment and facilitating newcomers joining formalities. 2. Design and develop Training Calendar and budget for all type of training programs, for the year ahead for all designations within the company, according to the needs of the business and Training Need Analysis survey results.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Vineeth-Vijayan/ee84e7ea0695181f?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN https://www.indeed.com/r/Vineeth-Vijayan/ee84e7ea0695181f?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   3. Sourcing and coordinating with external vendors for training that are requested by line managers/departments. 4. Maintaining employee training records and updating it on a regular basis. 5. Assist Supervisors in developing and implementing changes in HR policies and procedures. 6. Coordinate in conducting employee engagement programs. 7. Support departments in complying with ISO Quality Management requirements and facilitate various HR related welfare activities.  "Training Coordinator"  M-Squared Software & Services - Kerala -  Kerala, IN -  July 2010 to December 2011  a US based company with headquarters in Nevada, Las Vegas that deals with security gadgets, medical transcription and software development.  Job Profile: - 1. Perform regular office administration duties that includes: Office infrastructure management, housekeeping supervision, responding and sending e-mails to head office and clients, monitoring time-in &amp; time-out of employees, managing employee leave status and office cash management. 2. Handle walk-in enquires, attend telephone calls and conduct course induction sessions for new joiners. 3. Train the students in work related processes. 4. Anchoring and conducting course related seminars in well-established educational institutions. 5. Manage training materials that are stipulated within the company regulations. 6. Formulating training programs and sending it to training manager and to all concerned departments for approval. 7. Preparing tools for training. 8. Organize the training that includes: distribution of training materials, monitor trainees in training and support trainers in training. 9. Record training plans and training programs. 10. Maintain employees and students database. 11. Record results of evaluation and training. 12. Archive records of training, including course content, the training, number of students, results, and feedback. 13. Conduct team huddles/counseling sessions for trainees when required.  "Manager"  Nair IT Pvt. Ltd -  Nagpur, Maharashtra -  September 2008 to July 2010  Client: Accentia Oak Technologies.  Job Profile: - 1. To manage the day-to-day planning, operation and problem-solving of the team to meet the required service level components, quality and productivity targets of the client.    2. Delivery of team statistics, quality and productivity targets &amp; indicators, taking note any downtime during the day and report it to the management level superiors. 3. Operational Management: Managing the floor, adherence to schedule and monitoring of attendance. Submits daily report to the management level superiors. 4. Monitoring the portal periodically, prioritizing jobs according to TAT, and assigning jobs to correct work pool. 5. Coaching and relaying feedback to MTs/Editors. 6. To motivate the team to achieve the client targets. Update the team on the status of work at the start and end of each shift. 7. Compiling reports on team's performance and client feedback.  "Process Executive" in Infosys BPO Limited, Bangalore  CISCO -  Bengaluru, Karnataka -  January 2006 to July 2008  Job Profile: - 1. To handle end to end order placement process of Cisco. 2. Book orders for customers as per Cisco's booking policies. 3. Customer advocacy. 4. Check and avail special discounts, services, licensing, upgrades etc., to the customers. 5. Receive customer feedback on products, services etc., and resolve them if any. 6. To work along with logistic team to ensure that the products reach precise destinations safely. 7. Provide round the clock 24/7 customer service to the client.  "Sr. Medical Transcriptionist"  DTS Information Systems Pvt. Ltd -  Bengaluru, Karnataka -  December 2004 to January 2006  in DTS Information Systems Pvt. Ltd, Bangalore (A wholly owned subsidiary of DTS America Inc., Tennessee, USA) from Dec 2004 - Jan 2006. Client: Vanderbilt University Medical Center, Nashville, Tennessee.  Job Profile: - 1. To transcribe documents pertaining to patient's summary of illness, diseases and diagnostic procedures etc. to avail medical insurance claims as per American transcription guidelines. 2. To ensure that finished end document meets the clients TAT and Quality requirements. 3. To counsel MT's regarding their errors etc and if needed conduct team huddles. Computer Exposure  Operating System: Windows XP Microsoft Office Package: MS Excel, MS Word, MS Access and Power Point. Experience in working on Oracle.  ❖ Completed MS Excel Level 1, 2 &amp; 3 Courses from New Horizons Computer Training Center, Qatar.    EDUCATION  B.Sc. in Microbiology in Microbiology  S.N.G College, Bharathiar University  April 2004  SKILLS  Storekeeping / Inventory Management / Purchase (2 years), People & Time Management (2 years)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Competencies  ❖ Effective communications skills, excellent interpersonal skills, good time management skills, results-oriented individual and a very good team player. ❖ Sincere, hardworking and willing to take up challenging assignments.  Other Qualifications  ❖ ISO 27001: 2013 Internal Auditor Certification from Coms Vantage Consultancy, Qatar in October 2014 ❖ ISO 27001: 2013 Awareness Certification from Coms Vantage Consultancy, Qatar in September 2014 ❖ Carriage of Dangerous Goods by Road Certification in 2012 from IRU Academy in tie up with Mowasalat - State of Qatar owned Transport Company. ❖ First class in Hindi Parichaya Examination conducted by Dakshina Bharat Hindi Prachar Sabha. ❖ Second class in Prathamic Examination conducted by Dakshina Bharat Hindi Prachar Sabha.
[763, 769] Vineeth Vijayan "Store Executive" - Orange City Hospital & Research Institute  Nagpur, Maharashtra, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Vineeth-Vijayan/ ee84e7ea0695181f  I have over 2 years of experience working as a "Store Executive" in a reputed big organisation based in India. I am a hard worker and a very good learner. I aspire to grow in my career by joining a good organisation.  I am good at work and people management. I possess good computer knowledge. I have underwent training in courses like MS Excel Level 1, 2 &amp; 3. MS Word &amp; Powerpoint. I have experience working in ERP. I am a certified ISO 27001: 2013 Internal Auditor.  Willing to relocate: Anywhere  WORK EXPERIENCE  "Store Executive"  Orange City Hospital & Research Institute -  Nagpur, Maharashtra -  March 2016 to Present  Job Profile: - 1. Keep records to maintain inventory control, cost containment and to assure proper stock levels. 2. Rotate stock and arrange for disposal of surpluses. 3. Plan and perform work that involves ordering, receiving, inspecting, returning, unloading, shelving, packing, labeling and maintaining a perpetual inventory of items. 4. Coordinate freight handling, equipment moving and minor repairs. 5. Perform peripheral site-specific duties as required and instructed by supervisors. 6. Monitoring and updating stock details etc. in Mednet store software. Use ABC, VED &amp; FSN Stock Analysis methods when required. 7. Report any stock discrepancy to supervisor for appropriate action.  "HR Officer "  Gulf Warehousing Company Qatar - Agility Group -  January 2012 to July 2015  a multinational company catering Customers in the field of Warehousing, Freight Forwarding, Records Management, Courier and International Relocation Services.  Job Profile: - 1. Deliver new hires orientation program to enable new hires to adjust themselves to new working environment and facilitating newcomers joining formalities. 2. Design and develop Training Calendar and budget for all type of training programs, for the year ahead for all designations within the company, according to the needs of the business and Training Need Analysis survey results.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Vineeth-Vijayan/ee84e7ea0695181f?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN https://www.indeed.com/r/Vineeth-Vijayan/ee84e7ea0695181f?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   3. Sourcing and coordinating with external vendors for training that are requested by line managers/departments. 4. Maintaining employee training records and updating it on a regular basis. 5. Assist Supervisors in developing and implementing changes in HR policies and procedures. 6. Coordinate in conducting employee engagement programs. 7. Support departments in complying with ISO Quality Management requirements and facilitate various HR related welfare activities.  "Training Coordinator"  M-Squared Software & Services - Kerala -  Kerala, IN -  July 2010 to December 2011  a US based company with headquarters in Nevada, Las Vegas that deals with security gadgets, medical transcription and software development.  Job Profile: - 1. Perform regular office administration duties that includes: Office infrastructure management, housekeeping supervision, responding and sending e-mails to head office and clients, monitoring time-in &amp; time-out of employees, managing employee leave status and office cash management. 2. Handle walk-in enquires, attend telephone calls and conduct course induction sessions for new joiners. 3. Train the students in work related processes. 4. Anchoring and conducting course related seminars in well-established educational institutions. 5. Manage training materials that are stipulated within the company regulations. 6. Formulating training programs and sending it to training manager and to all concerned departments for approval. 7. Preparing tools for training. 8. Organize the training that includes: distribution of training materials, monitor trainees in training and support trainers in training. 9. Record training plans and training programs. 10. Maintain employees and students database. 11. Record results of evaluation and training. 12. Archive records of training, including course content, the training, number of students, results, and feedback. 13. Conduct team huddles/counseling sessions for trainees when required.  "Manager"  Nair IT Pvt. Ltd -  Nagpur, Maharashtra -  September 2008 to July 2010  Client: Accentia Oak Technologies.  Job Profile: - 1. To manage the day-to-day planning, operation and problem-solving of the team to meet the required service level components, quality and productivity targets of the client.    2. Delivery of team statistics, quality and productivity targets &amp; indicators, taking note any downtime during the day and report it to the management level superiors. 3. Operational Management: Managing the floor, adherence to schedule and monitoring of attendance. Submits daily report to the management level superiors. 4. Monitoring the portal periodically, prioritizing jobs according to TAT, and assigning jobs to correct work pool. 5. Coaching and relaying feedback to MTs/Editors. 6. To motivate the team to achieve the client targets. Update the team on the status of work at the start and end of each shift. 7. Compiling reports on team's performance and client feedback.  "Process Executive" in Infosys BPO Limited, Bangalore  CISCO -  Bengaluru, Karnataka -  January 2006 to July 2008  Job Profile: - 1. To handle end to end order placement process of Cisco. 2. Book orders for customers as per Cisco's booking policies. 3. Customer advocacy. 4. Check and avail special discounts, services, licensing, upgrades etc., to the customers. 5. Receive customer feedback on products, services etc., and resolve them if any. 6. To work along with logistic team to ensure that the products reach precise destinations safely. 7. Provide round the clock 24/7 customer service to the client.  "Sr. Medical Transcriptionist"  DTS Information Systems Pvt. Ltd -  Bengaluru, Karnataka -  December 2004 to January 2006  in DTS Information Systems Pvt. Ltd, Bangalore (A wholly owned subsidiary of DTS America Inc., Tennessee, USA) from Dec 2004 - Jan 2006. Client: Vanderbilt University Medical Center, Nashville, Tennessee.  Job Profile: - 1. To transcribe documents pertaining to patient's summary of illness, diseases and diagnostic procedures etc. to avail medical insurance claims as per American transcription guidelines. 2. To ensure that finished end document meets the clients TAT and Quality requirements. 3. To counsel MT's regarding their errors etc and if needed conduct team huddles. Computer Exposure  Operating System: Windows XP Microsoft Office Package: MS Excel, MS Word, MS Access and Power Point. Experience in working on Oracle.  ❖ Completed MS Excel Level 1, 2 &amp; 3 Courses from New Horizons Computer Training Center, Qatar.    EDUCATION  B.Sc. in Microbiology in Microbiology  S.N.G College, Bharathiar University  April 2004  SKILLS  Storekeeping / Inventory Management / Purchase (2 years), People & Time Management (2 years)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Competencies  ❖ Effective communications skills, excellent interpersonal skills, good time management skills, results-oriented individual and a very good team player. ❖ Sincere, hardworking and willing to take up challenging assignments.  Other Qualifications  ❖ ISO 27001: 2013 Internal Auditor Certification from Coms Vantage Consultancy, Qatar in October 2014 ❖ ISO 27001: 2013 Awareness Certification from Coms Vantage Consultancy, Qatar in September 2014 ❖ Carriage of Dangerous Goods by Road Certification in 2012 from IRU Academy in tie up with Mowasalat - State of Qatar owned Transport Company. ❖ First class in Hindi Parichaya Examination conducted by Dakshina Bharat Hindi Prachar Sabha. ❖ Second class in Prathamic Examination conducted by Dakshina Bharat Hindi Prachar Sabha.
[718, 759] Vineeth Vijayan "Store Executive" - Orange City Hospital & Research Institute  Nagpur, Maharashtra, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Vineeth-Vijayan/ ee84e7ea0695181f  I have over 2 years of experience working as a "Store Executive" in a reputed big organisation based in India. I am a hard worker and a very good learner. I aspire to grow in my career by joining a good organisation.  I am good at work and people management. I possess good computer knowledge. I have underwent training in courses like MS Excel Level 1, 2 &amp; 3. MS Word &amp; Powerpoint. I have experience working in ERP. I am a certified ISO 27001: 2013 Internal Auditor.  Willing to relocate: Anywhere  WORK EXPERIENCE  "Store Executive"  Orange City Hospital & Research Institute -  Nagpur, Maharashtra -  March 2016 to Present  Job Profile: - 1. Keep records to maintain inventory control, cost containment and to assure proper stock levels. 2. Rotate stock and arrange for disposal of surpluses. 3. Plan and perform work that involves ordering, receiving, inspecting, returning, unloading, shelving, packing, labeling and maintaining a perpetual inventory of items. 4. Coordinate freight handling, equipment moving and minor repairs. 5. Perform peripheral site-specific duties as required and instructed by supervisors. 6. Monitoring and updating stock details etc. in Mednet store software. Use ABC, VED &amp; FSN Stock Analysis methods when required. 7. Report any stock discrepancy to supervisor for appropriate action.  "HR Officer "  Gulf Warehousing Company Qatar - Agility Group -  January 2012 to July 2015  a multinational company catering Customers in the field of Warehousing, Freight Forwarding, Records Management, Courier and International Relocation Services.  Job Profile: - 1. Deliver new hires orientation program to enable new hires to adjust themselves to new working environment and facilitating newcomers joining formalities. 2. Design and develop Training Calendar and budget for all type of training programs, for the year ahead for all designations within the company, according to the needs of the business and Training Need Analysis survey results.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Vineeth-Vijayan/ee84e7ea0695181f?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN https://www.indeed.com/r/Vineeth-Vijayan/ee84e7ea0695181f?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   3. Sourcing and coordinating with external vendors for training that are requested by line managers/departments. 4. Maintaining employee training records and updating it on a regular basis. 5. Assist Supervisors in developing and implementing changes in HR policies and procedures. 6. Coordinate in conducting employee engagement programs. 7. Support departments in complying with ISO Quality Management requirements and facilitate various HR related welfare activities.  "Training Coordinator"  M-Squared Software & Services - Kerala -  Kerala, IN -  July 2010 to December 2011  a US based company with headquarters in Nevada, Las Vegas that deals with security gadgets, medical transcription and software development.  Job Profile: - 1. Perform regular office administration duties that includes: Office infrastructure management, housekeeping supervision, responding and sending e-mails to head office and clients, monitoring time-in &amp; time-out of employees, managing employee leave status and office cash management. 2. Handle walk-in enquires, attend telephone calls and conduct course induction sessions for new joiners. 3. Train the students in work related processes. 4. Anchoring and conducting course related seminars in well-established educational institutions. 5. Manage training materials that are stipulated within the company regulations. 6. Formulating training programs and sending it to training manager and to all concerned departments for approval. 7. Preparing tools for training. 8. Organize the training that includes: distribution of training materials, monitor trainees in training and support trainers in training. 9. Record training plans and training programs. 10. Maintain employees and students database. 11. Record results of evaluation and training. 12. Archive records of training, including course content, the training, number of students, results, and feedback. 13. Conduct team huddles/counseling sessions for trainees when required.  "Manager"  Nair IT Pvt. Ltd -  Nagpur, Maharashtra -  September 2008 to July 2010  Client: Accentia Oak Technologies.  Job Profile: - 1. To manage the day-to-day planning, operation and problem-solving of the team to meet the required service level components, quality and productivity targets of the client.    2. Delivery of team statistics, quality and productivity targets &amp; indicators, taking note any downtime during the day and report it to the management level superiors. 3. Operational Management: Managing the floor, adherence to schedule and monitoring of attendance. Submits daily report to the management level superiors. 4. Monitoring the portal periodically, prioritizing jobs according to TAT, and assigning jobs to correct work pool. 5. Coaching and relaying feedback to MTs/Editors. 6. To motivate the team to achieve the client targets. Update the team on the status of work at the start and end of each shift. 7. Compiling reports on team's performance and client feedback.  "Process Executive" in Infosys BPO Limited, Bangalore  CISCO -  Bengaluru, Karnataka -  January 2006 to July 2008  Job Profile: - 1. To handle end to end order placement process of Cisco. 2. Book orders for customers as per Cisco's booking policies. 3. Customer advocacy. 4. Check and avail special discounts, services, licensing, upgrades etc., to the customers. 5. Receive customer feedback on products, services etc., and resolve them if any. 6. To work along with logistic team to ensure that the products reach precise destinations safely. 7. Provide round the clock 24/7 customer service to the client.  "Sr. Medical Transcriptionist"  DTS Information Systems Pvt. Ltd -  Bengaluru, Karnataka -  December 2004 to January 2006  in DTS Information Systems Pvt. Ltd, Bangalore (A wholly owned subsidiary of DTS America Inc., Tennessee, USA) from Dec 2004 - Jan 2006. Client: Vanderbilt University Medical Center, Nashville, Tennessee.  Job Profile: - 1. To transcribe documents pertaining to patient's summary of illness, diseases and diagnostic procedures etc. to avail medical insurance claims as per American transcription guidelines. 2. To ensure that finished end document meets the clients TAT and Quality requirements. 3. To counsel MT's regarding their errors etc and if needed conduct team huddles. Computer Exposure  Operating System: Windows XP Microsoft Office Package: MS Excel, MS Word, MS Access and Power Point. Experience in working on Oracle.  ❖ Completed MS Excel Level 1, 2 &amp; 3 Courses from New Horizons Computer Training Center, Qatar.    EDUCATION  B.Sc. in Microbiology in Microbiology  S.N.G College, Bharathiar University  April 2004  SKILLS  Storekeeping / Inventory Management / Purchase (2 years), People & Time Management (2 years)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Competencies  ❖ Effective communications skills, excellent interpersonal skills, good time management skills, results-oriented individual and a very good team player. ❖ Sincere, hardworking and willing to take up challenging assignments.  Other Qualifications  ❖ ISO 27001: 2013 Internal Auditor Certification from Coms Vantage Consultancy, Qatar in October 2014 ❖ ISO 27001: 2013 Awareness Certification from Coms Vantage Consultancy, Qatar in September 2014 ❖ Carriage of Dangerous Goods by Road Certification in 2012 from IRU Academy in tie up with Mowasalat - State of Qatar owned Transport Company. ❖ First class in Hindi Parichaya Examination conducted by Dakshina Bharat Hindi Prachar Sabha. ❖ Second class in Prathamic Examination conducted by Dakshina Bharat Hindi Prachar Sabha.
[700, 715] Vineeth Vijayan "Store Executive" - Orange City Hospital & Research Institute  Nagpur, Maharashtra, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Vineeth-Vijayan/ ee84e7ea0695181f  I have over 2 years of experience working as a "Store Executive" in a reputed big organisation based in India. I am a hard worker and a very good learner. I aspire to grow in my career by joining a good organisation.  I am good at work and people management. I possess good computer knowledge. I have underwent training in courses like MS Excel Level 1, 2 &amp; 3. MS Word &amp; Powerpoint. I have experience working in ERP. I am a certified ISO 27001: 2013 Internal Auditor.  Willing to relocate: Anywhere  WORK EXPERIENCE  "Store Executive"  Orange City Hospital & Research Institute -  Nagpur, Maharashtra -  March 2016 to Present  Job Profile: - 1. Keep records to maintain inventory control, cost containment and to assure proper stock levels. 2. Rotate stock and arrange for disposal of surpluses. 3. Plan and perform work that involves ordering, receiving, inspecting, returning, unloading, shelving, packing, labeling and maintaining a perpetual inventory of items. 4. Coordinate freight handling, equipment moving and minor repairs. 5. Perform peripheral site-specific duties as required and instructed by supervisors. 6. Monitoring and updating stock details etc. in Mednet store software. Use ABC, VED &amp; FSN Stock Analysis methods when required. 7. Report any stock discrepancy to supervisor for appropriate action.  "HR Officer "  Gulf Warehousing Company Qatar - Agility Group -  January 2012 to July 2015  a multinational company catering Customers in the field of Warehousing, Freight Forwarding, Records Management, Courier and International Relocation Services.  Job Profile: - 1. Deliver new hires orientation program to enable new hires to adjust themselves to new working environment and facilitating newcomers joining formalities. 2. Design and develop Training Calendar and budget for all type of training programs, for the year ahead for all designations within the company, according to the needs of the business and Training Need Analysis survey results.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Vineeth-Vijayan/ee84e7ea0695181f?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN https://www.indeed.com/r/Vineeth-Vijayan/ee84e7ea0695181f?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   3. Sourcing and coordinating with external vendors for training that are requested by line managers/departments. 4. Maintaining employee training records and updating it on a regular basis. 5. Assist Supervisors in developing and implementing changes in HR policies and procedures. 6. Coordinate in conducting employee engagement programs. 7. Support departments in complying with ISO Quality Management requirements and facilitate various HR related welfare activities.  "Training Coordinator"  M-Squared Software & Services - Kerala -  Kerala, IN -  July 2010 to December 2011  a US based company with headquarters in Nevada, Las Vegas that deals with security gadgets, medical transcription and software development.  Job Profile: - 1. Perform regular office administration duties that includes: Office infrastructure management, housekeeping supervision, responding and sending e-mails to head office and clients, monitoring time-in &amp; time-out of employees, managing employee leave status and office cash management. 2. Handle walk-in enquires, attend telephone calls and conduct course induction sessions for new joiners. 3. Train the students in work related processes. 4. Anchoring and conducting course related seminars in well-established educational institutions. 5. Manage training materials that are stipulated within the company regulations. 6. Formulating training programs and sending it to training manager and to all concerned departments for approval. 7. Preparing tools for training. 8. Organize the training that includes: distribution of training materials, monitor trainees in training and support trainers in training. 9. Record training plans and training programs. 10. Maintain employees and students database. 11. Record results of evaluation and training. 12. Archive records of training, including course content, the training, number of students, results, and feedback. 13. Conduct team huddles/counseling sessions for trainees when required.  "Manager"  Nair IT Pvt. Ltd -  Nagpur, Maharashtra -  September 2008 to July 2010  Client: Accentia Oak Technologies.  Job Profile: - 1. To manage the day-to-day planning, operation and problem-solving of the team to meet the required service level components, quality and productivity targets of the client.    2. Delivery of team statistics, quality and productivity targets &amp; indicators, taking note any downtime during the day and report it to the management level superiors. 3. Operational Management: Managing the floor, adherence to schedule and monitoring of attendance. Submits daily report to the management level superiors. 4. Monitoring the portal periodically, prioritizing jobs according to TAT, and assigning jobs to correct work pool. 5. Coaching and relaying feedback to MTs/Editors. 6. To motivate the team to achieve the client targets. Update the team on the status of work at the start and end of each shift. 7. Compiling reports on team's performance and client feedback.  "Process Executive" in Infosys BPO Limited, Bangalore  CISCO -  Bengaluru, Karnataka -  January 2006 to July 2008  Job Profile: - 1. To handle end to end order placement process of Cisco. 2. Book orders for customers as per Cisco's booking policies. 3. Customer advocacy. 4. Check and avail special discounts, services, licensing, upgrades etc., to the customers. 5. Receive customer feedback on products, services etc., and resolve them if any. 6. To work along with logistic team to ensure that the products reach precise destinations safely. 7. Provide round the clock 24/7 customer service to the client.  "Sr. Medical Transcriptionist"  DTS Information Systems Pvt. Ltd -  Bengaluru, Karnataka -  December 2004 to January 2006  in DTS Information Systems Pvt. Ltd, Bangalore (A wholly owned subsidiary of DTS America Inc., Tennessee, USA) from Dec 2004 - Jan 2006. Client: Vanderbilt University Medical Center, Nashville, Tennessee.  Job Profile: - 1. To transcribe documents pertaining to patient's summary of illness, diseases and diagnostic procedures etc. to avail medical insurance claims as per American transcription guidelines. 2. To ensure that finished end document meets the clients TAT and Quality requirements. 3. To counsel MT's regarding their errors etc and if needed conduct team huddles. Computer Exposure  Operating System: Windows XP Microsoft Office Package: MS Excel, MS Word, MS Access and Power Point. Experience in working on Oracle.  ❖ Completed MS Excel Level 1, 2 &amp; 3 Courses from New Horizons Computer Training Center, Qatar.    EDUCATION  B.Sc. in Microbiology in Microbiology  S.N.G College, Bharathiar University  April 2004  SKILLS  Storekeeping / Inventory Management / Purchase (2 years), People & Time Management (2 years)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Competencies  ❖ Effective communications skills, excellent interpersonal skills, good time management skills, results-oriented individual and a very good team player. ❖ Sincere, hardworking and willing to take up challenging assignments.  Other Qualifications  ❖ ISO 27001: 2013 Internal Auditor Certification from Coms Vantage Consultancy, Qatar in October 2014 ❖ ISO 27001: 2013 Awareness Certification from Coms Vantage Consultancy, Qatar in September 2014 ❖ Carriage of Dangerous Goods by Road Certification in 2012 from IRU Academy in tie up with Mowasalat - State of Qatar owned Transport Company. ❖ First class in Hindi Parichaya Examination conducted by Dakshina Bharat Hindi Prachar Sabha. ❖ Second class in Prathamic Examination conducted by Dakshina Bharat Hindi Prachar Sabha.
[1678, 1688] Ram Edupuganti Software Development Director - Oracle Inc  - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Ram-Edupuganti/3ecdecbcba549e21  • Offering over 22 years of rich national & international experience in developing & deploying software appplicatoins development, customized solutions across Oracle Fusion HCM Global Core HR, Global Payroll, Global Absences, Compensation and all Talent modules - Performance Management, Goals Management, Career Development, Succession Management & Talent Review Meeting • Directed planning, strategy development and implementation & business solution delivery with recent successful implantations at Schneider Electric, Macy's, Pike International, British Telcom. • Accomplished in relational data modeling, data warehouse design and implementation, object oriented design and development, developing transactional & business analytics in CRM, SCM and HCM domains from client server to cloud SaaS. • Led large-scale business application architecture and design efforts; developed and maintained solutions for various business functional areas; assisted in resolving integration and interface issues between various systems with focus on optimizing performance and scalability • Extensive experience in all aspects of project management including budgeting and cost optimization, risk assessments and control, technical feasibility studies, project scope definition, estimations & cost control & so on • Recruit, Develop and led high-performing teams with high motivation and enhanced cross- functional collaboration  WORK EXPERIENCE  Software Development Director  Oracle Inc -  April 2015 to Present  Oracle Inc -  January 1998 to Present  98 with Oracle Inc. Growth Path & Deputations:  Senior Development Manager  Oracle Inc -  December 2011 to March 2015  Senior Development Manager  Oracle Inc -  March 2010 to November 2011  https://www.indeed.com/r/Ram-Edupuganti/3ecdecbcba549e21?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   Principal Applications Developer  Oracle Inc -  September 2004 to February 2010  Project Lead  Oracle Inc -  September 1999 to August 2004  Senior Software Developer  Oracle Inc -  January 1998 to August 1999  R-Systems -  Sacramento, CA -  January 1997 to January 1998  Key Result Areas: • Providing overall leadership to the entire project team, mapping clients' requirements, transforming requirements into stipulations and providing them best solutions within the scope of project requirements • Creating and managing the estimates, project plan, project schedule, resource allocation and expenses; monitoring and reporting on standards & performance targets • Ensuring the delivery of quality releases on schedules using continuous improvement initiatives; adhering to quality norms throughout the project implementation • Working on service strategy, transition, operations, process improvement, process management, team building, training, hiring and client relationship management • Identifying and implementing strategies for building team effectiveness by promoting a spirit of cooperation among the team members • Supporting continuous improvement by investigating alternatives and new technologies and presenting the same for architectural review • Liaising with stakeholders during the course of problem diagnoses, requirements gathering, detailed level design, development, system test and production implementation to ensure that optimal resolutions are achieved  KNOWLEDGE PURVIEW • Machine Learning Algorithms supervised, unsupervised, NLP, chat bot and deep learning with Python • Building transactional applications & analytical solutions in SaaS model • Oracle fusion role based data security set up and customization for complex security requirements • Reporting Layer (Subject Areas) for fusion HCM cloud for all HCM modules • Data Warehousing design methodologies, star and snowflake schema designs, aggregations • OBIEE, Data Visualization Desktop, BICS, DVCS, Oracle Analytics Cloud (OAC), Tableau • Design and build dashboards, KPIs using Oracle BI platform and OTBI, Standard Reports using BI Publisher • Design and build mappings, knowledge modules, load plans using Oracle Data Integrator (ODI)    • Relational data modeling, Object Oriented Modeling & Design, UML, SOAP • Oracle 10g, 11g, 12c • SQL, PL/SQL, HTML, XML, JAVA, JDK, J2EE, Oracle ADF, Oracle JDeveloper • Applications Development for Oracle CRM, Oracle ebusiness SCM, • Applications/database/SQL/Batch program performance tuning • UNIX, Windows, Linux  R-Systems -  April 1996 to January 1998  Growth Path & Deputations:  Department of Corrections -  Sacramento, CA -  February 1996 to January 1997  Secretary of State  Salem, Tamil Nadu -  December 1995 to February 1996  Oracle Corporation -  Redwood Shores, CA -  January 1995 to December 1995  EDUCATION  M.S. in Computer Engineering  Texas A&M University -  Kingsville, TX  1994  B.S. in Electronics & Communications Engineering  Nagarjuna University  1992  SKILLS  SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT (3 years), STRUCTURED SOFTWARE (3 years), BUSINESS INTELLIGENCE (1 year), ORACLE (1 year), ARCHITECTURE (Less than 1 year)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  CORE COMPETENCIES  Software Development & Consulting  Oracle Fusion Applications Architecture and Functionality    Oracle Business Intelligence development and implementations  Technology Planning  Delivery Management  Client Engagements (Stakeholders/Business)  Continuous Process Enhancement  Agile/Scrum Methodologies  Project Management
[1234, 1277] Gunjan Nayyar Hoshiarpur, Punjab - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Gunjan-Nayyar/a5819ca6733a0f41  To keep on learning new skills, To serve for the company and keep on growing in necessary field.  WORK EXPERIENCE  Presently completed 6 months internship at INFOSYS  INFOSYS  Member of Discipline Committee in ALGORYTHM  Red Cross Society -  2015 to 2016  in College on National Blood Donation day on 17thNov.2016. • Member of Discipline Committee in ALGORYTHM 2015, 2016. • Study on Humanoids: It is something that has an appearance resembling a human being in 2016 • Participated in Arm Wrestling organized by Hostel Committee in 2016 • Participated in Carrom organized by Hostel Committee in 2016 • Participated in Bollywood quiz organized by Hostel Committee in 2016 • Participated in Tambola organized by Hostel Committee in 2016 • Participated in Arm Wrestling organized by Hostel Committee in 2016 • Participated in Antakshari organized by Hostel Committee in 2016 • Organised CATECHISM (Chemistry Quiz) on April 01, 2015  Member of Decoration Committee in ALGORYTHM  -  2014 to 2014  EDUCATION  B. E. in CSE  Chitkara University  2014 to 2018  Class XII  Triple M Public School  2013 to 2014  University or Board  https://www.indeed.com/r/Gunjan-Nayyar/a5819ca6733a0f41?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN
[1576, 1580] Puneet Bhandari SAP SD lead - Microsoft IT  Pune, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Puneet-Bhandari/c9002fa44d6760bd  Willing to relocate: Anywhere  WORK EXPERIENCE  SAP SD lead  Microsoft IT -  August 2010 to Present  Team Size: 8 Duration: Seven months  Scope: * Enhancement of Mexico invoicing process as per the current regulations * Requirement gathering from third party and client on new process * Responsible for implementing the changes in system  Area of Exposure: * Understand the AS-IS process and develop to- Be design document to meet the business and Government requirement * Requirement gathering for all SD process for client * Developed solution blueprint and Process Design Documents for OTC 3-way and 1-way invoice processes * Interacting with third party to gather requirements from their end * Creating functional specification and Gap analysis document for different country implementation with client * Design test scripts for functional unit testing (FUT), Integration system testing (IST) and User Acceptance Test (UAT)  Phase: Support Phase: Implementation \ Enhancement Project: JCI Role: SAP SD lead Team Size: 15 Duration: Twelve months  Scope: * Communication with client leadership on various issues and efficiency improvement * Ticket handling for OTC track as L2 support lead * Responsible for change request across OTC and all business areas  Area of Exposure: * End to end order to cash cycles issues * Interface related issues with exposure to IDOCs * Change request handling and process improvement  https://www.indeed.com/r/Puneet-Bhandari/c9002fa44d6760bd?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   * SPOC for client from offshore for communication, reporting and continuous improvement activities * Design test scripts for functional unit testing (FUT), Integration system testing (IST) and User Acceptance Test (UAT) for all changes for process and system improvements Achievements: * Spot Awards for exceptional contribution to project work * Award and appreciation from client at Global level for successful transition of new geographies to support global template  Phase: Implementation Project: Adient Role: SAP SD lead Team Size: 5 Duration: Five months  Scope: * Lead Optical archiving of all future, live and archived invoices for audit purpose * Harmonize invoice archiving process across all plants and SAP instances * Requirement and data gathering from all plants on legal aspects of invoice form structures and data of last 10 years  Area of Exposure: * Developed solution blueprint and Process Design Documents for OTC 3-way and 1-way invoice processes * Requirement gathering from all the plants legal department on the aspect of form structure * Data gathering of all changes across globe for data (customer, vendor, organizational) relative to the billing process in system * Creating functional specification and Gap analysis document for different country implementation with client * Design test scripts for unit testing (UT), Integration system testing (IST) and User Acceptance Test (UAT)  Phase: Implementation Project: JCI Role: Cutover Manager Team Size: 15 Duration: Nine months  Scope: * Legal entity Separation of asset share and shared sale plants from the core JCI group * Co-coordinating with multiple vendors on behalf of client for master data migration and IT activities Area of Exposure: * Defining scope of activities for the shared sale plants migration to new legal entity * Co-ordination with OTC, PTP, PTD and RTR streams for successful implementation of the objectives * Analyzing issues related to intercompany transactions occurred for asset share plants * Gathering client requirement on basis of legacy system and current need * Creating functional specification and Gap analysis documents * Reporting to IT head of the organization on the progress of the planned activities * Report analysis and finding functional solutions for the issues    * Hyper care support for multi SAP instance layout  Achievements: * Appreciations from the client on smooth and successful execution of the cutover involving multiple stakeholders  Phase: Implementation and Roll-out Project: Atlas CopCo Role: Master Data Lead and SD team member Team Size: 11 Duration: Thirty-three months  Scope: * Sales order management * Equipment creation in Order to cash cycle * Lead for master data migration * Conducting workshops along with client IT team for business user  Area of Exposure: * Conducting blue print workshops with client for requirement gathering in 6 countries * Developed solution blueprint and Process Design Documents for OTC * Roll out of the template solution to UK-NORDICS * Defining data flow for the sales order-billing document in system * Order to cash cycle activity management for data creation in ECC * Creating functional specification and Gap analysis document for different country implementation with client * Implementation and Configuration of different processes as per the client requirement in the area of SAP SD and CRM sales-ECC integration * Reporting - Reconciliation, pre validation, post validation * Involved as lead in cutover, go-live, hyper care phases of project for five countries in Europe  Achievements: * Awarded for Creating landscape for support phase along with top management team of the project * At onsite as equipment lead and awarded as valuable member by the client  Phase: Implementation Project: Agri Business Client Role: SD Team member Team Size: 25 Duration: Ten months  Scope: * Implementing end to end SAP SD scenario for MNC client * Creation of functional specification documents for various processes Area of Exposure: * Defining enterprise structure, shipping conditions, pricing procedure, etc. * Assignment of structure as per business need * Creation of BPP and functional specification documents * Master data Creation * Worked on DUET (SharePoint and SAP initiative)    * Handling team and driving it to achieve deliverables  Achievements: * Published various BOK (reusable artifacts) in Infosys Repository * Successfully completed on job internship on Sustainability study of Infosys Clients - Telstra, Cummins and Vodafone.  Phase: Implementation Project: COE Role: SD Team member Team Size: 6 Duration: Three months  Scope: * Configuring sales order management for SAP SD module for client * Testing preconfigured solution for internal team  Area of Exposure: * Implementation of sales order process with respect to specific SD (sales and Distribution) processes * Testing for SD module processes involving various pricing methodologies * Handling team and driving it to achieve deliverables Achievements: * Cleared domain certification in Retail category * Successfully completed Harvard Manage Mentor Certification in Customer Focus and Innovation Implementation by Harvard Business Publishing  Phase: Support Client: Microsoft IT Team Size: 15 Duration: Sixteen months  Scope: * Supporting complete Order to cash cycle for Microsoft Business * Analyzing, resolving and implementing issues or tickets  Area of Exposure: * Pricing unification management and analysis (stand-alone system for pricing) * Handling of Master Data (Customer data, customer information data, condition records, partner profile maintenance) * Resolving errors related to configuration issues, extension of sales organization and material, order, delivery and invoice errors. * Working on LSMW for mass data update in the system * Working on monthly rotational activities like IDOCs failure, EDI error notification, short dumps.  Achievements: * Resolved maximum numbers of issues among the peer group members * Created maximum number of knowledge base articles for the project  Title: Training Duration: Two months Scope: Understanding of ES Methodologies, Project management and SAP SD    Area of Exposure: * Understanding fundamentals of Management with respect to IT sector * Learning SAP SD (Sales and distribution domain) * RFP creation  Achievements: * Successfully cleared P100 and P200 certifications * Successfully completed RFP and POST * Successfully cleared all exams with score more than 4 out of 5  EDUCATION  MBA in Marketing  IIT Roorkee -  Roorkee, Uttarakhand  2008 to 2010  Bachelor of Engineering in Electronics and Communication  Shri Vaishnav Institute of Technology and Science, RGPV University -  Indore, Madhya Pradesh  2004 to 2008  CBSE  St. Paul H.S. School -  Indore, Madhya Pradesh  2002 to 2003  Higher Secondary Certificate  Shanti Nagar High School, Maharashtra board -  Mumbai, Maharashtra  1999 to 2000  SKILLS  Sap Sd (7 years)
[4729, 4733] Paul Rajiv Secunderabad, Andhra Pradesh - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Paul- Rajiv/2bd46ce0f01fad54  Willing to relocate: Anywhere  WORK EXPERIENCE  Delivery Specialist  Microsoft -  hyderbad, Telangana -  April 2017 to Present  Regal Raptor Motorcycles India: A growing automobile company, being the manufacturers and distributors of premium choppers cruiser motorcycles across PAN India and SAARC countries.  Chief Operations Officer [COO]: Directed all facets of the manufacturing, purchasing and sales initiatives for the company. Provided direction for sales strategies and co-ordinated assembling functions domestically.  ♦ Effective planning and implementation of defined SOP's ♦ Spearheaded the development of the brand "Regal Raptor" becoming one of the most recognisable names in the Industry. ♦ Proven success in sales and marketing through expertise business development modules and strategic planning capabilities. ♦ Achieved a significant result in unit sales percentage per annum during the year 2015-2016 with a 30% extensive increase rate. ♦ Enabled a unique marketing strategy by manufacturing India's First fully equipped Police Bike which indeed helped in penetrating the brand across India. ♦ Demonstrated and delegated the effective usage of the newly launched police bike to all the top government officials and leaders across the states in India. ♦ Developed cutting edge technology to be instilled in the product lines which enables problem solving methodologies at break next speed and enhances competitiveness in the modern day business. ♦ Motivated and led a productive sales and customer service oriented teams of support executives with many receiving continuous accolade for superior performance. ♦ Developed a strong relationship with vendors, dealers and distributors by constantly working towards expanding business and building markets across PAN India. ♦ Effective negotiation of costs to meet the gross margin goals. ♦ Put in significant efforts in planning to set up a Manufacturing plant within the state of Telangana to carry out complete production activities and exports business between the SAARC countries ♦ Constantly worked upon building a strong network among the top government officials to facilitate the sanction of the Manufacturing plant set up in india.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Paul-Rajiv/2bd46ce0f01fad54?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN https://www.indeed.com/r/Paul-Rajiv/2bd46ce0f01fad54?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   EDUCATION  Bachelor of Commerce in Commerce business management  College (Osmania University) -  Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh  2011 to 2014  Board of Intermediate Education  2009 to 2011  SSC  St. Patrick's High School  2009  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Specialties: Process Optimization, Strategic Management, Profit Centre Management, Customer care strategies, Lean Management, Sales Overheads and Effective Management of Marketing strategies and Manufacturing plant enablement's.  Job Role &amp; Corporate Dossier: [DELL] A Corporate executive with substantial potential in business management, corporate strategy and business expansion.  ♦ Worked for Dell International Services, and Carrying an experience of 28 months + ♦ Worked as a Customer Services Executive for UK/Ireland Regions. ♦ Front Line working directly along with Customers to Resolve the Query in their best interest. Handle Few Major &amp; Minor Escalation in place for Swift Closure with Satisfaction. ♦ Working with Mutual Business Vendors to get issues going on motion for immediate impact. ♦ I have been excellent in the existing task, Job description with exceptional numbers winning the Monthly Stacks for 3 times with Consecutive improvement every time. ♦ I have handled some critical issues with very smooth processing &amp; assurance to customer satisfaction having earned many recognitions with in Dell &amp; outside Dell Clients. ♦ I have much more recognitions, feedback &amp; success stories to share. ♦ Hence, I look forward for progression, advancement in my career to grow using the above mentioned skills &amp; make a difference in contribution towards expansion in any business fields.  ACADEMIA  Additional Qualifications  ♦ Good knowledge in Accounting Standards ♦ Basic knowledge on Java ♦ Web Technologies: HTML, DHTML, XML, Visual Basic, COBOL, DBMS ♦ Operating system: Windows-xp, Windows -Vista &amp; Windows-7    ♦ Packages: MS-Office &amp; Basic knowledge in tally (Accounting Systems)  External Project Experience:  ♦ Worked on Manufacturing India's First Fully Equipped Police Bike or FAB Motors India Pvt. Ltd, 2017 ♦ Worked on an Industrial Project for Masqati India Pvt. Ltd, 2013. ♦ Worked on a Stream based Project on Women Harassment and Empowerment in India, 2014.  Strengths and Abilities  ♦ Self- Development, Communication, Interpersonal and Problem Solving Skills. ♦ Willing to travel extensively according to the job requirements. ♦ Team Work, Flexible, Punctual and Interest to Learn New Things. ♦ A self-motivated and diligent team player possessing highly evolved and demonstrable communication.
[1341, 1384] Ravi Shivgond Bidar, Karnataka - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Ravi-Shivgond/4018c67548312089  To associate with an organization that promises a creative and challenging career in progressive Environment to enhance my knowledge, skills to be a part of team that excels in work towards the growth of the organization.  WORK EXPERIENCE  Technical Support Engineer  SAP -  Bengaluru, Karnataka -  November 2017 to February 2018  I completed PLC Automation course that's way I will rejoin that job  EDUCATION  Govt. High school Yernalli  B.E. in Electrical  Karnataka State -  Bidar, Karnataka  SKILLS  AC (Less than 1 year), Allen Bradley (Less than 1 year), Engineer (Less than 1 year), FANUC (Less than 1 year), GE FANUC (Less than 1 year)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  TECHNICAL QUALIFICATION:  ➢ Obtained Post graduate diploma in Industrial Plant Automation Engineer from Prolific Systems and Automation Bangalore. With hands on practical experience in Industrial Automation Tools specializing in PLC, SCADA and VFD.  ➢ Attended a 3-day National level seminar on "Mat Lab and its Applications" organized by E&EE department of GNDEC Bidar.  ACADEMIC PROJECT:  Speed synchronization of multiple DC motors in industries using wireless RF.  ➢ Aim: To find Speed synchronization of multiple DC motors in industries using wireless RF.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Ravi-Shivgond/4018c67548312089?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   ➢ Main Components Used: LCD Display, Diodes, Potentiometer, Rectifier, transformer, DC motor, DC motor drive, […] microcontroller, RF transistor, RF receiver, IR sensor, etc.  ➢ TECHNICAL SKILLS: Post Graduate Diploma in Industrial Automation (PGDIA) Course from M/s. Prolific Systems and Technologies Pvt. Ltd., Bangalore which includes:  Allen Bradley Micro Logix1000, SLC 5 / 03 RS Logix 500 Siemens S7-300 SIMATIC MANAGER-5.4 GE FANUC Versamax Micro, Proficy Machine Delta WPL Soft 2.42 Mitsubishi FX3U 16M GX-Developer Omron Sysmac - CP1E CX-Programmer DCS AC-800 F Freelance Industrial IT Field Basics Of Fi, Interface With Live Plant Instrumentation Setup With SLC 5 / 03 Controller Interfaced With In touch SCADA
[6930, 7494] Ajay Elango Software Engineer  Bangalore City, Karnataka, Karnataka - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Ajay- Elango/3c79ad143578c3f2  • 7+ years of professional work experience as a Software Engineer with core expertise in C++ programming on both Linux and Windows environments.  • Offered graduate admission in Computer Engineering into the following prestigious universities in the world: Georgia Tech (Atlanta), Carnegie Mellon University (Pittsburgh), Cornell University (Ithaca), University of Southern California (Los Angeles), University of Colorado Boulder (Boulder), Arizona State University (Tempe) and University of Illinois Chicago (Chicago).  • Graduated with Masters degree in Computer Engineering from Georgia Institute of Technology (Atlanta)  • Worked as a Software Engineer at the following world-class corporations: MathWorks (Massachusetts), Cadence Design Systems (Massachusetts), National Instruments (Texas), Infosys (Bangalore) and Aeronautical Development Establishment (Bangalore).  • Received Certifications from Stanford University (California), University of Washington (Seattle) and University of California San Diego (California)  • Won corporate awards and received client appreciations for outstanding performance and significant individual contribution.  • Proven track record of shipping secure, high quality software through all the phases of the software development life cycle.  • Passionate about designing, developing, troubleshooting, debugging, and testing large-scale software projects.  • Experienced in mentoring and managing new and experienced professionals on software development for enterprise applications.  Willing to relocate: Anywhere  WORK EXPERIENCE  Software Engineer  -  May 2016 to October 2017  Worked in the core simulation and visualization team which is one of the earliest and the most revered and prestigious group of the organization.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Ajay-Elango/3c79ad143578c3f2?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN https://www.indeed.com/r/Ajay-Elango/3c79ad143578c3f2?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   • I was the owner of the Scope block which is widely considered as the most significant block in the Simulink toolset. • Designed and implemented features for a suite of interactive, real-time, and world-class simulation visualization tools for MATLAB and Simulink. These tools are an essential part of Simulink models developed and used by engineers, researchers and scientists to visualize, measure, and analyze transitions and states of multichannel signals. • Implemented and maintained large scale software projects written in C++, JavaScript, Java, and MATLAB. • Collaborated with various teams including Application Support Engineering, UI, Technical Marketing, and Performance Engineering to develop specifications for the visualization tools. • Solved several complex bugs in Scope and Logic Analyzer on both Windows and Linux environments. • Improved performance of rendering signal names for multichannel signals in Logic Analyzer by over 85%. • Enabled Logic Analyzer to be launched from MATLAB online. • Involved in feature estimation, prioritization, and key discussions with product teams. • Collaborated with cross-functional teams to achieve team and organizational goals.  Languages &amp; Technologies: C++, Java, C, JavaScript, MATLAB, Microsoft Visual Studio, Perforce, Gecko, vi, gedit, gdb, ddd  Software Engineer  Cadence Design Systems, Inc -  January 2015 to March 2016  Designed and developed complex 3D Models for PCB components used in Allegro PCB Designer and Allegro Package Designer (Electronic Design Automation tools which provide full-featured PCB design solutions). • Designed, implemented and tested algorithms for collision detection among all the 3D components rendered on the 3D viewer. • Provided support, troubleshooting, solved several critical and sophisticated bugs in Allegro PCB Design Suite and Allegro Package Designer on both Linux and Windows environments. • Worked closely with product engineers/technical sales and provided engineering solutions and workarounds to make customers successful. • Provided comprehensive and easy-to-use solutions to assist designers with an efficient and successful handoff to manufacturing. • Helped promote and drove sound engineering design, process and quality practices. • Contributed to research, design and implemented improvements to Allegro PCB Designer and Allegro Package Designer solutions.  Languages &amp; Technologies: C++, QT GUI, JIRA, Trello board, IBM Clearcase, CCMS, Cadet, vi, Valgrind, gdb, ddd, TotalView. Visual Studio  Software Engineer, Intern  National Instruments, Austin -  US -  May 2014 to August 2014    Implemented a boot up image on FPGA for the digitizer PXIe-5171 using LabVIEW. • Configured reference clocks, onboard clocks, ADC, transceivers, and DAC components for various sampling rates and multiple channels. • Automated the entire configure onboard clock sequence.  Senior Systems Engineer - Infosys Technologies Limited  LabVIEW, Perforce, Trello -  Bengaluru, Karnataka -  November 2009 to June 2013  Bangalore, India (Nov 2009 - June 2013)  • Implemented large scale software projects in C++ on Linux and Windows platform for a testing framework that was used to test the functionality of the firmware developed on wireless chipsets • Mentored and managed new and experienced software engineers on software development for enterprise applications. • Responsible for effectively initiating, planning, scheduling, estimating, forecasting, and delivering all activities for projects and related release initiatives. • Won corporate awards and received client appreciations for outstanding performance and significant individual contribution. • Collaborated with cross-functional teams to define business requirements along with project development and resource estimates. • Consolidated, planned and developed low-level technical design documents for finalized client requirements. • Analyzed complex technical issues and provided remediation options. • Reviewed detailed designs and participated in code reviews. • Significantly contributed to requirement analysis, feature estimates, and design improvements.  Languages &amp; Technologies: C, C++, Siebel CRM, JIRA, gdb, ddd, Valgrind, TotalView, vi, eScripts  Intern  Aeronautical Development Establishment (Defense Research -  Bengaluru, Karnataka -  December 2008 to February 2009  Implemented I2C protocol in VHDL for interfacing the video encoder (ADV 7174/7179) and video decoder (ADV 7184) with the video tracking system.  Languages &amp; Technologies: VHDL, ModelSim  EDUCATION  Master of Science in Electrical & Computer Engineering  Georgia Institute of Technology -  Atlanta, GA  August 2013 to December 2014    Bachelor of Technology in Electronics & Communication Engineering  Amrita School of Engineering -  Bengaluru, Karnataka  June 2005 to May 2009  SKILLS  C++ (6 years), LINUX (6 years), .NET (2 years), VISUAL STUDIO (2 years), JAVA (1 year)  LINKS  http://www.linkedin.com/in/ajayelango  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  TECHNICAL SKILLS  Programming Languages: C++(98/11), Java, Python, C, JavaScript, MATLAB, SQL, C#, PHP Software Tools: Microsoft Visual Studio, Eclipse, gdb, ddd, TotalView Debugger, Hoops 3DGS, OpenGL, IBM ClearCase, GitHub, vi editor, JIRA, Trello Board, Valgrind, Perforce, LabVIEW, Visio, Enterprise Architect, gedit Operating Systems: Linux, Windows Databases: Oracle […] Microsoft SQL Server, IBM DB2  http://www.linkedin.com/in/ajayelango
[6845, 6874] Ajay Elango Software Engineer  Bangalore City, Karnataka, Karnataka - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Ajay- Elango/3c79ad143578c3f2  • 7+ years of professional work experience as a Software Engineer with core expertise in C++ programming on both Linux and Windows environments.  • Offered graduate admission in Computer Engineering into the following prestigious universities in the world: Georgia Tech (Atlanta), Carnegie Mellon University (Pittsburgh), Cornell University (Ithaca), University of Southern California (Los Angeles), University of Colorado Boulder (Boulder), Arizona State University (Tempe) and University of Illinois Chicago (Chicago).  • Graduated with Masters degree in Computer Engineering from Georgia Institute of Technology (Atlanta)  • Worked as a Software Engineer at the following world-class corporations: MathWorks (Massachusetts), Cadence Design Systems (Massachusetts), National Instruments (Texas), Infosys (Bangalore) and Aeronautical Development Establishment (Bangalore).  • Received Certifications from Stanford University (California), University of Washington (Seattle) and University of California San Diego (California)  • Won corporate awards and received client appreciations for outstanding performance and significant individual contribution.  • Proven track record of shipping secure, high quality software through all the phases of the software development life cycle.  • Passionate about designing, developing, troubleshooting, debugging, and testing large-scale software projects.  • Experienced in mentoring and managing new and experienced professionals on software development for enterprise applications.  Willing to relocate: Anywhere  WORK EXPERIENCE  Software Engineer  -  May 2016 to October 2017  Worked in the core simulation and visualization team which is one of the earliest and the most revered and prestigious group of the organization.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Ajay-Elango/3c79ad143578c3f2?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN https://www.indeed.com/r/Ajay-Elango/3c79ad143578c3f2?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   • I was the owner of the Scope block which is widely considered as the most significant block in the Simulink toolset. • Designed and implemented features for a suite of interactive, real-time, and world-class simulation visualization tools for MATLAB and Simulink. These tools are an essential part of Simulink models developed and used by engineers, researchers and scientists to visualize, measure, and analyze transitions and states of multichannel signals. • Implemented and maintained large scale software projects written in C++, JavaScript, Java, and MATLAB. • Collaborated with various teams including Application Support Engineering, UI, Technical Marketing, and Performance Engineering to develop specifications for the visualization tools. • Solved several complex bugs in Scope and Logic Analyzer on both Windows and Linux environments. • Improved performance of rendering signal names for multichannel signals in Logic Analyzer by over 85%. • Enabled Logic Analyzer to be launched from MATLAB online. • Involved in feature estimation, prioritization, and key discussions with product teams. • Collaborated with cross-functional teams to achieve team and organizational goals.  Languages &amp; Technologies: C++, Java, C, JavaScript, MATLAB, Microsoft Visual Studio, Perforce, Gecko, vi, gedit, gdb, ddd  Software Engineer  Cadence Design Systems, Inc -  January 2015 to March 2016  Designed and developed complex 3D Models for PCB components used in Allegro PCB Designer and Allegro Package Designer (Electronic Design Automation tools which provide full-featured PCB design solutions). • Designed, implemented and tested algorithms for collision detection among all the 3D components rendered on the 3D viewer. • Provided support, troubleshooting, solved several critical and sophisticated bugs in Allegro PCB Design Suite and Allegro Package Designer on both Linux and Windows environments. • Worked closely with product engineers/technical sales and provided engineering solutions and workarounds to make customers successful. • Provided comprehensive and easy-to-use solutions to assist designers with an efficient and successful handoff to manufacturing. • Helped promote and drove sound engineering design, process and quality practices. • Contributed to research, design and implemented improvements to Allegro PCB Designer and Allegro Package Designer solutions.  Languages &amp; Technologies: C++, QT GUI, JIRA, Trello board, IBM Clearcase, CCMS, Cadet, vi, Valgrind, gdb, ddd, TotalView. Visual Studio  Software Engineer, Intern  National Instruments, Austin -  US -  May 2014 to August 2014    Implemented a boot up image on FPGA for the digitizer PXIe-5171 using LabVIEW. • Configured reference clocks, onboard clocks, ADC, transceivers, and DAC components for various sampling rates and multiple channels. • Automated the entire configure onboard clock sequence.  Senior Systems Engineer - Infosys Technologies Limited  LabVIEW, Perforce, Trello -  Bengaluru, Karnataka -  November 2009 to June 2013  Bangalore, India (Nov 2009 - June 2013)  • Implemented large scale software projects in C++ on Linux and Windows platform for a testing framework that was used to test the functionality of the firmware developed on wireless chipsets • Mentored and managed new and experienced software engineers on software development for enterprise applications. • Responsible for effectively initiating, planning, scheduling, estimating, forecasting, and delivering all activities for projects and related release initiatives. • Won corporate awards and received client appreciations for outstanding performance and significant individual contribution. • Collaborated with cross-functional teams to define business requirements along with project development and resource estimates. • Consolidated, planned and developed low-level technical design documents for finalized client requirements. • Analyzed complex technical issues and provided remediation options. • Reviewed detailed designs and participated in code reviews. • Significantly contributed to requirement analysis, feature estimates, and design improvements.  Languages &amp; Technologies: C, C++, Siebel CRM, JIRA, gdb, ddd, Valgrind, TotalView, vi, eScripts  Intern  Aeronautical Development Establishment (Defense Research -  Bengaluru, Karnataka -  December 2008 to February 2009  Implemented I2C protocol in VHDL for interfacing the video encoder (ADV 7174/7179) and video decoder (ADV 7184) with the video tracking system.  Languages &amp; Technologies: VHDL, ModelSim  EDUCATION  Master of Science in Electrical & Computer Engineering  Georgia Institute of Technology -  Atlanta, GA  August 2013 to December 2014    Bachelor of Technology in Electronics & Communication Engineering  Amrita School of Engineering -  Bengaluru, Karnataka  June 2005 to May 2009  SKILLS  C++ (6 years), LINUX (6 years), .NET (2 years), VISUAL STUDIO (2 years), JAVA (1 year)  LINKS  http://www.linkedin.com/in/ajayelango  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  TECHNICAL SKILLS  Programming Languages: C++(98/11), Java, Python, C, JavaScript, MATLAB, SQL, C#, PHP Software Tools: Microsoft Visual Studio, Eclipse, gdb, ddd, TotalView Debugger, Hoops 3DGS, OpenGL, IBM ClearCase, GitHub, vi editor, JIRA, Trello Board, Valgrind, Perforce, LabVIEW, Visio, Enterprise Architect, gedit Operating Systems: Linux, Windows Databases: Oracle […] Microsoft SQL Server, IBM DB2  http://www.linkedin.com/in/ajayelango
[6778, 6843] Ajay Elango Software Engineer  Bangalore City, Karnataka, Karnataka - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Ajay- Elango/3c79ad143578c3f2  • 7+ years of professional work experience as a Software Engineer with core expertise in C++ programming on both Linux and Windows environments.  • Offered graduate admission in Computer Engineering into the following prestigious universities in the world: Georgia Tech (Atlanta), Carnegie Mellon University (Pittsburgh), Cornell University (Ithaca), University of Southern California (Los Angeles), University of Colorado Boulder (Boulder), Arizona State University (Tempe) and University of Illinois Chicago (Chicago).  • Graduated with Masters degree in Computer Engineering from Georgia Institute of Technology (Atlanta)  • Worked as a Software Engineer at the following world-class corporations: MathWorks (Massachusetts), Cadence Design Systems (Massachusetts), National Instruments (Texas), Infosys (Bangalore) and Aeronautical Development Establishment (Bangalore).  • Received Certifications from Stanford University (California), University of Washington (Seattle) and University of California San Diego (California)  • Won corporate awards and received client appreciations for outstanding performance and significant individual contribution.  • Proven track record of shipping secure, high quality software through all the phases of the software development life cycle.  • Passionate about designing, developing, troubleshooting, debugging, and testing large-scale software projects.  • Experienced in mentoring and managing new and experienced professionals on software development for enterprise applications.  Willing to relocate: Anywhere  WORK EXPERIENCE  Software Engineer  -  May 2016 to October 2017  Worked in the core simulation and visualization team which is one of the earliest and the most revered and prestigious group of the organization.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Ajay-Elango/3c79ad143578c3f2?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN https://www.indeed.com/r/Ajay-Elango/3c79ad143578c3f2?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   • I was the owner of the Scope block which is widely considered as the most significant block in the Simulink toolset. • Designed and implemented features for a suite of interactive, real-time, and world-class simulation visualization tools for MATLAB and Simulink. These tools are an essential part of Simulink models developed and used by engineers, researchers and scientists to visualize, measure, and analyze transitions and states of multichannel signals. • Implemented and maintained large scale software projects written in C++, JavaScript, Java, and MATLAB. • Collaborated with various teams including Application Support Engineering, UI, Technical Marketing, and Performance Engineering to develop specifications for the visualization tools. • Solved several complex bugs in Scope and Logic Analyzer on both Windows and Linux environments. • Improved performance of rendering signal names for multichannel signals in Logic Analyzer by over 85%. • Enabled Logic Analyzer to be launched from MATLAB online. • Involved in feature estimation, prioritization, and key discussions with product teams. • Collaborated with cross-functional teams to achieve team and organizational goals.  Languages &amp; Technologies: C++, Java, C, JavaScript, MATLAB, Microsoft Visual Studio, Perforce, Gecko, vi, gedit, gdb, ddd  Software Engineer  Cadence Design Systems, Inc -  January 2015 to March 2016  Designed and developed complex 3D Models for PCB components used in Allegro PCB Designer and Allegro Package Designer (Electronic Design Automation tools which provide full-featured PCB design solutions). • Designed, implemented and tested algorithms for collision detection among all the 3D components rendered on the 3D viewer. • Provided support, troubleshooting, solved several critical and sophisticated bugs in Allegro PCB Design Suite and Allegro Package Designer on both Linux and Windows environments. • Worked closely with product engineers/technical sales and provided engineering solutions and workarounds to make customers successful. • Provided comprehensive and easy-to-use solutions to assist designers with an efficient and successful handoff to manufacturing. • Helped promote and drove sound engineering design, process and quality practices. • Contributed to research, design and implemented improvements to Allegro PCB Designer and Allegro Package Designer solutions.  Languages &amp; Technologies: C++, QT GUI, JIRA, Trello board, IBM Clearcase, CCMS, Cadet, vi, Valgrind, gdb, ddd, TotalView. Visual Studio  Software Engineer, Intern  National Instruments, Austin -  US -  May 2014 to August 2014    Implemented a boot up image on FPGA for the digitizer PXIe-5171 using LabVIEW. • Configured reference clocks, onboard clocks, ADC, transceivers, and DAC components for various sampling rates and multiple channels. • Automated the entire configure onboard clock sequence.  Senior Systems Engineer - Infosys Technologies Limited  LabVIEW, Perforce, Trello -  Bengaluru, Karnataka -  November 2009 to June 2013  Bangalore, India (Nov 2009 - June 2013)  • Implemented large scale software projects in C++ on Linux and Windows platform for a testing framework that was used to test the functionality of the firmware developed on wireless chipsets • Mentored and managed new and experienced software engineers on software development for enterprise applications. • Responsible for effectively initiating, planning, scheduling, estimating, forecasting, and delivering all activities for projects and related release initiatives. • Won corporate awards and received client appreciations for outstanding performance and significant individual contribution. • Collaborated with cross-functional teams to define business requirements along with project development and resource estimates. • Consolidated, planned and developed low-level technical design documents for finalized client requirements. • Analyzed complex technical issues and provided remediation options. • Reviewed detailed designs and participated in code reviews. • Significantly contributed to requirement analysis, feature estimates, and design improvements.  Languages &amp; Technologies: C, C++, Siebel CRM, JIRA, gdb, ddd, Valgrind, TotalView, vi, eScripts  Intern  Aeronautical Development Establishment (Defense Research -  Bengaluru, Karnataka -  December 2008 to February 2009  Implemented I2C protocol in VHDL for interfacing the video encoder (ADV 7174/7179) and video decoder (ADV 7184) with the video tracking system.  Languages &amp; Technologies: VHDL, ModelSim  EDUCATION  Master of Science in Electrical & Computer Engineering  Georgia Institute of Technology -  Atlanta, GA  August 2013 to December 2014    Bachelor of Technology in Electronics & Communication Engineering  Amrita School of Engineering -  Bengaluru, Karnataka  June 2005 to May 2009  SKILLS  C++ (6 years), LINUX (6 years), .NET (2 years), VISUAL STUDIO (2 years), JAVA (1 year)  LINKS  http://www.linkedin.com/in/ajayelango  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  TECHNICAL SKILLS  Programming Languages: C++(98/11), Java, Python, C, JavaScript, MATLAB, SQL, C#, PHP Software Tools: Microsoft Visual Studio, Eclipse, gdb, ddd, TotalView Debugger, Hoops 3DGS, OpenGL, IBM ClearCase, GitHub, vi editor, JIRA, Trello Board, Valgrind, Perforce, LabVIEW, Visio, Enterprise Architect, gedit Operating Systems: Linux, Windows Databases: Oracle […] Microsoft SQL Server, IBM DB2  http://www.linkedin.com/in/ajayelango
[6698, 6729] Ajay Elango Software Engineer  Bangalore City, Karnataka, Karnataka - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Ajay- Elango/3c79ad143578c3f2  • 7+ years of professional work experience as a Software Engineer with core expertise in C++ programming on both Linux and Windows environments.  • Offered graduate admission in Computer Engineering into the following prestigious universities in the world: Georgia Tech (Atlanta), Carnegie Mellon University (Pittsburgh), Cornell University (Ithaca), University of Southern California (Los Angeles), University of Colorado Boulder (Boulder), Arizona State University (Tempe) and University of Illinois Chicago (Chicago).  • Graduated with Masters degree in Computer Engineering from Georgia Institute of Technology (Atlanta)  • Worked as a Software Engineer at the following world-class corporations: MathWorks (Massachusetts), Cadence Design Systems (Massachusetts), National Instruments (Texas), Infosys (Bangalore) and Aeronautical Development Establishment (Bangalore).  • Received Certifications from Stanford University (California), University of Washington (Seattle) and University of California San Diego (California)  • Won corporate awards and received client appreciations for outstanding performance and significant individual contribution.  • Proven track record of shipping secure, high quality software through all the phases of the software development life cycle.  • Passionate about designing, developing, troubleshooting, debugging, and testing large-scale software projects.  • Experienced in mentoring and managing new and experienced professionals on software development for enterprise applications.  Willing to relocate: Anywhere  WORK EXPERIENCE  Software Engineer  -  May 2016 to October 2017  Worked in the core simulation and visualization team which is one of the earliest and the most revered and prestigious group of the organization.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Ajay-Elango/3c79ad143578c3f2?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN https://www.indeed.com/r/Ajay-Elango/3c79ad143578c3f2?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   • I was the owner of the Scope block which is widely considered as the most significant block in the Simulink toolset. • Designed and implemented features for a suite of interactive, real-time, and world-class simulation visualization tools for MATLAB and Simulink. These tools are an essential part of Simulink models developed and used by engineers, researchers and scientists to visualize, measure, and analyze transitions and states of multichannel signals. • Implemented and maintained large scale software projects written in C++, JavaScript, Java, and MATLAB. • Collaborated with various teams including Application Support Engineering, UI, Technical Marketing, and Performance Engineering to develop specifications for the visualization tools. • Solved several complex bugs in Scope and Logic Analyzer on both Windows and Linux environments. • Improved performance of rendering signal names for multichannel signals in Logic Analyzer by over 85%. • Enabled Logic Analyzer to be launched from MATLAB online. • Involved in feature estimation, prioritization, and key discussions with product teams. • Collaborated with cross-functional teams to achieve team and organizational goals.  Languages &amp; Technologies: C++, Java, C, JavaScript, MATLAB, Microsoft Visual Studio, Perforce, Gecko, vi, gedit, gdb, ddd  Software Engineer  Cadence Design Systems, Inc -  January 2015 to March 2016  Designed and developed complex 3D Models for PCB components used in Allegro PCB Designer and Allegro Package Designer (Electronic Design Automation tools which provide full-featured PCB design solutions). • Designed, implemented and tested algorithms for collision detection among all the 3D components rendered on the 3D viewer. • Provided support, troubleshooting, solved several critical and sophisticated bugs in Allegro PCB Design Suite and Allegro Package Designer on both Linux and Windows environments. • Worked closely with product engineers/technical sales and provided engineering solutions and workarounds to make customers successful. • Provided comprehensive and easy-to-use solutions to assist designers with an efficient and successful handoff to manufacturing. • Helped promote and drove sound engineering design, process and quality practices. • Contributed to research, design and implemented improvements to Allegro PCB Designer and Allegro Package Designer solutions.  Languages &amp; Technologies: C++, QT GUI, JIRA, Trello board, IBM Clearcase, CCMS, Cadet, vi, Valgrind, gdb, ddd, TotalView. Visual Studio  Software Engineer, Intern  National Instruments, Austin -  US -  May 2014 to August 2014    Implemented a boot up image on FPGA for the digitizer PXIe-5171 using LabVIEW. • Configured reference clocks, onboard clocks, ADC, transceivers, and DAC components for various sampling rates and multiple channels. • Automated the entire configure onboard clock sequence.  Senior Systems Engineer - Infosys Technologies Limited  LabVIEW, Perforce, Trello -  Bengaluru, Karnataka -  November 2009 to June 2013  Bangalore, India (Nov 2009 - June 2013)  • Implemented large scale software projects in C++ on Linux and Windows platform for a testing framework that was used to test the functionality of the firmware developed on wireless chipsets • Mentored and managed new and experienced software engineers on software development for enterprise applications. • Responsible for effectively initiating, planning, scheduling, estimating, forecasting, and delivering all activities for projects and related release initiatives. • Won corporate awards and received client appreciations for outstanding performance and significant individual contribution. • Collaborated with cross-functional teams to define business requirements along with project development and resource estimates. • Consolidated, planned and developed low-level technical design documents for finalized client requirements. • Analyzed complex technical issues and provided remediation options. • Reviewed detailed designs and participated in code reviews. • Significantly contributed to requirement analysis, feature estimates, and design improvements.  Languages &amp; Technologies: C, C++, Siebel CRM, JIRA, gdb, ddd, Valgrind, TotalView, vi, eScripts  Intern  Aeronautical Development Establishment (Defense Research -  Bengaluru, Karnataka -  December 2008 to February 2009  Implemented I2C protocol in VHDL for interfacing the video encoder (ADV 7174/7179) and video decoder (ADV 7184) with the video tracking system.  Languages &amp; Technologies: VHDL, ModelSim  EDUCATION  Master of Science in Electrical & Computer Engineering  Georgia Institute of Technology -  Atlanta, GA  August 2013 to December 2014    Bachelor of Technology in Electronics & Communication Engineering  Amrita School of Engineering -  Bengaluru, Karnataka  June 2005 to May 2009  SKILLS  C++ (6 years), LINUX (6 years), .NET (2 years), VISUAL STUDIO (2 years), JAVA (1 year)  LINKS  http://www.linkedin.com/in/ajayelango  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  TECHNICAL SKILLS  Programming Languages: C++(98/11), Java, Python, C, JavaScript, MATLAB, SQL, C#, PHP Software Tools: Microsoft Visual Studio, Eclipse, gdb, ddd, TotalView Debugger, Hoops 3DGS, OpenGL, IBM ClearCase, GitHub, vi editor, JIRA, Trello Board, Valgrind, Perforce, LabVIEW, Visio, Enterprise Architect, gedit Operating Systems: Linux, Windows Databases: Oracle […] Microsoft SQL Server, IBM DB2  http://www.linkedin.com/in/ajayelango
[6642, 6696] Ajay Elango Software Engineer  Bangalore City, Karnataka, Karnataka - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Ajay- Elango/3c79ad143578c3f2  • 7+ years of professional work experience as a Software Engineer with core expertise in C++ programming on both Linux and Windows environments.  • Offered graduate admission in Computer Engineering into the following prestigious universities in the world: Georgia Tech (Atlanta), Carnegie Mellon University (Pittsburgh), Cornell University (Ithaca), University of Southern California (Los Angeles), University of Colorado Boulder (Boulder), Arizona State University (Tempe) and University of Illinois Chicago (Chicago).  • Graduated with Masters degree in Computer Engineering from Georgia Institute of Technology (Atlanta)  • Worked as a Software Engineer at the following world-class corporations: MathWorks (Massachusetts), Cadence Design Systems (Massachusetts), National Instruments (Texas), Infosys (Bangalore) and Aeronautical Development Establishment (Bangalore).  • Received Certifications from Stanford University (California), University of Washington (Seattle) and University of California San Diego (California)  • Won corporate awards and received client appreciations for outstanding performance and significant individual contribution.  • Proven track record of shipping secure, high quality software through all the phases of the software development life cycle.  • Passionate about designing, developing, troubleshooting, debugging, and testing large-scale software projects.  • Experienced in mentoring and managing new and experienced professionals on software development for enterprise applications.  Willing to relocate: Anywhere  WORK EXPERIENCE  Software Engineer  -  May 2016 to October 2017  Worked in the core simulation and visualization team which is one of the earliest and the most revered and prestigious group of the organization.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Ajay-Elango/3c79ad143578c3f2?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN https://www.indeed.com/r/Ajay-Elango/3c79ad143578c3f2?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   • I was the owner of the Scope block which is widely considered as the most significant block in the Simulink toolset. • Designed and implemented features for a suite of interactive, real-time, and world-class simulation visualization tools for MATLAB and Simulink. These tools are an essential part of Simulink models developed and used by engineers, researchers and scientists to visualize, measure, and analyze transitions and states of multichannel signals. • Implemented and maintained large scale software projects written in C++, JavaScript, Java, and MATLAB. • Collaborated with various teams including Application Support Engineering, UI, Technical Marketing, and Performance Engineering to develop specifications for the visualization tools. • Solved several complex bugs in Scope and Logic Analyzer on both Windows and Linux environments. • Improved performance of rendering signal names for multichannel signals in Logic Analyzer by over 85%. • Enabled Logic Analyzer to be launched from MATLAB online. • Involved in feature estimation, prioritization, and key discussions with product teams. • Collaborated with cross-functional teams to achieve team and organizational goals.  Languages &amp; Technologies: C++, Java, C, JavaScript, MATLAB, Microsoft Visual Studio, Perforce, Gecko, vi, gedit, gdb, ddd  Software Engineer  Cadence Design Systems, Inc -  January 2015 to March 2016  Designed and developed complex 3D Models for PCB components used in Allegro PCB Designer and Allegro Package Designer (Electronic Design Automation tools which provide full-featured PCB design solutions). • Designed, implemented and tested algorithms for collision detection among all the 3D components rendered on the 3D viewer. • Provided support, troubleshooting, solved several critical and sophisticated bugs in Allegro PCB Design Suite and Allegro Package Designer on both Linux and Windows environments. • Worked closely with product engineers/technical sales and provided engineering solutions and workarounds to make customers successful. • Provided comprehensive and easy-to-use solutions to assist designers with an efficient and successful handoff to manufacturing. • Helped promote and drove sound engineering design, process and quality practices. • Contributed to research, design and implemented improvements to Allegro PCB Designer and Allegro Package Designer solutions.  Languages &amp; Technologies: C++, QT GUI, JIRA, Trello board, IBM Clearcase, CCMS, Cadet, vi, Valgrind, gdb, ddd, TotalView. Visual Studio  Software Engineer, Intern  National Instruments, Austin -  US -  May 2014 to August 2014    Implemented a boot up image on FPGA for the digitizer PXIe-5171 using LabVIEW. • Configured reference clocks, onboard clocks, ADC, transceivers, and DAC components for various sampling rates and multiple channels. • Automated the entire configure onboard clock sequence.  Senior Systems Engineer - Infosys Technologies Limited  LabVIEW, Perforce, Trello -  Bengaluru, Karnataka -  November 2009 to June 2013  Bangalore, India (Nov 2009 - June 2013)  • Implemented large scale software projects in C++ on Linux and Windows platform for a testing framework that was used to test the functionality of the firmware developed on wireless chipsets • Mentored and managed new and experienced software engineers on software development for enterprise applications. • Responsible for effectively initiating, planning, scheduling, estimating, forecasting, and delivering all activities for projects and related release initiatives. • Won corporate awards and received client appreciations for outstanding performance and significant individual contribution. • Collaborated with cross-functional teams to define business requirements along with project development and resource estimates. • Consolidated, planned and developed low-level technical design documents for finalized client requirements. • Analyzed complex technical issues and provided remediation options. • Reviewed detailed designs and participated in code reviews. • Significantly contributed to requirement analysis, feature estimates, and design improvements.  Languages &amp; Technologies: C, C++, Siebel CRM, JIRA, gdb, ddd, Valgrind, TotalView, vi, eScripts  Intern  Aeronautical Development Establishment (Defense Research -  Bengaluru, Karnataka -  December 2008 to February 2009  Implemented I2C protocol in VHDL for interfacing the video encoder (ADV 7174/7179) and video decoder (ADV 7184) with the video tracking system.  Languages &amp; Technologies: VHDL, ModelSim  EDUCATION  Master of Science in Electrical & Computer Engineering  Georgia Institute of Technology -  Atlanta, GA  August 2013 to December 2014    Bachelor of Technology in Electronics & Communication Engineering  Amrita School of Engineering -  Bengaluru, Karnataka  June 2005 to May 2009  SKILLS  C++ (6 years), LINUX (6 years), .NET (2 years), VISUAL STUDIO (2 years), JAVA (1 year)  LINKS  http://www.linkedin.com/in/ajayelango  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  TECHNICAL SKILLS  Programming Languages: C++(98/11), Java, Python, C, JavaScript, MATLAB, SQL, C#, PHP Software Tools: Microsoft Visual Studio, Eclipse, gdb, ddd, TotalView Debugger, Hoops 3DGS, OpenGL, IBM ClearCase, GitHub, vi editor, JIRA, Trello Board, Valgrind, Perforce, LabVIEW, Visio, Enterprise Architect, gedit Operating Systems: Linux, Windows Databases: Oracle […] Microsoft SQL Server, IBM DB2  http://www.linkedin.com/in/ajayelango
[2877, 3030] Shaik Tazuddin Senior Process Executive - STAR India  Bengaluru, Karnataka - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Shaik-Tazuddin/1366179051f145eb  To establish myself as a sincere and honest employee in a challenging organization by using my attitude and learning, thus enhancing my skills along with the growth of the organization.  WORK EXPERIENCE  Senior Process Executive  STAR India -  Bengaluru, Karnataka -  November 2017 to Present  Senior Process Executive - Cisco Client STAR EMEAR &amp; US: ➢ Creating Dart ID from the requested details and configuring products with appropriate pricing &amp; discounts. ➢ Responsible for managing and analyzing backlog for the European countries with especial attention to France, Spain, United Kingdom, Italy, Sweden, Slovakia, Israel, Germany. ➢ Reviewing quality figures, counts and Q flow monthly to ensure the targets are met. ➢ Making report and C-SAT presentation regarding process for business development. ➢ Immediate action on customer queries and escalations in order to meet quality standards. ➢ To ensure 100% closure to all the customer queries, SLA adherence for self-productivity and quality. ➢ Resolving issue and escalated cases for Europe and US countries. ➢ Giving training for the new folks and support to quality team. ➢ Overlap checking for the deals and AM assignment. ➢ Promoted as SME where the responsibilities are to handle the team in the absence of Manager OR Team Lead and assigning the Work to the folks.  STAR- ANZ: Star ANZ deals with the direct partners of Cisco and the indirect distributors from the Australia and New Zealand, where they require deal ids for their transactions to purchase the products from cisco. These direct partners and the distributors contacts us to create the deal ids with the products, quantity, end user and partners name and the discount. Star ANZ with all these creates the deal ids with the approval of account managers of the cisco of the respected account with the help of the various tools provided by cisco for example- CCW, SFDC, sales force etc. And contacting all the requesters through emails and through chat.  STAR- INDIA: Star India deals with the Direct partners and the Account managers of the Cisco. Deal ids created will be created as per the request from the partners and the Account managers for ordering purpose of the Cisco products and the same will be informed to them through E-mail or Chat or through Phone.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Shaik-Tazuddin/1366179051f145eb?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   Senior process executive at Infosys bpm limited  Infosys BPM -  Bangalore Rural, Karnataka -  November 2015 to Present  Deal management  -  November 2015 to October 2016  EDUCATION  B.Com in C.A  S.V University -  Tirupati, Andhra Pradesh  2015  Education, A.P  Margadarshi Junior College  2012  SSC  Board Of Secondary Education  2010  SKILLS  HTML (Less than 1 year), MS OFFICE (Less than 1 year), Tally (Less than 1 year)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  COMPUTER SKILLS Packages: MS Office, HTML, TALLY  PERSONAL STRENGTHS ➢ Dedication towards work. ➢ Quick learner and self motivated. ➢ Good Communication Skills and Personality. ➢ Positive attitude. ➢ Willing to spend more time.
[2728, 2742] Shaik Tazuddin Senior Process Executive - STAR India  Bengaluru, Karnataka - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Shaik-Tazuddin/1366179051f145eb  To establish myself as a sincere and honest employee in a challenging organization by using my attitude and learning, thus enhancing my skills along with the growth of the organization.  WORK EXPERIENCE  Senior Process Executive  STAR India -  Bengaluru, Karnataka -  November 2017 to Present  Senior Process Executive - Cisco Client STAR EMEAR &amp; US: ➢ Creating Dart ID from the requested details and configuring products with appropriate pricing &amp; discounts. ➢ Responsible for managing and analyzing backlog for the European countries with especial attention to France, Spain, United Kingdom, Italy, Sweden, Slovakia, Israel, Germany. ➢ Reviewing quality figures, counts and Q flow monthly to ensure the targets are met. ➢ Making report and C-SAT presentation regarding process for business development. ➢ Immediate action on customer queries and escalations in order to meet quality standards. ➢ To ensure 100% closure to all the customer queries, SLA adherence for self-productivity and quality. ➢ Resolving issue and escalated cases for Europe and US countries. ➢ Giving training for the new folks and support to quality team. ➢ Overlap checking for the deals and AM assignment. ➢ Promoted as SME where the responsibilities are to handle the team in the absence of Manager OR Team Lead and assigning the Work to the folks.  STAR- ANZ: Star ANZ deals with the direct partners of Cisco and the indirect distributors from the Australia and New Zealand, where they require deal ids for their transactions to purchase the products from cisco. These direct partners and the distributors contacts us to create the deal ids with the products, quantity, end user and partners name and the discount. Star ANZ with all these creates the deal ids with the approval of account managers of the cisco of the respected account with the help of the various tools provided by cisco for example- CCW, SFDC, sales force etc. And contacting all the requesters through emails and through chat.  STAR- INDIA: Star India deals with the Direct partners and the Account managers of the Cisco. Deal ids created will be created as per the request from the partners and the Account managers for ordering purpose of the Cisco products and the same will be informed to them through E-mail or Chat or through Phone.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Shaik-Tazuddin/1366179051f145eb?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   Senior process executive at Infosys bpm limited  Infosys BPM -  Bangalore Rural, Karnataka -  November 2015 to Present  Deal management  -  November 2015 to October 2016  EDUCATION  B.Com in C.A  S.V University -  Tirupati, Andhra Pradesh  2015  Education, A.P  Margadarshi Junior College  2012  SSC  Board Of Secondary Education  2010  SKILLS  HTML (Less than 1 year), MS OFFICE (Less than 1 year), Tally (Less than 1 year)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  COMPUTER SKILLS Packages: MS Office, HTML, TALLY  PERSONAL STRENGTHS ➢ Dedication towards work. ➢ Quick learner and self motivated. ➢ Good Communication Skills and Personality. ➢ Positive attitude. ➢ Willing to spend more time.
[2714, 2726] Shaik Tazuddin Senior Process Executive - STAR India  Bengaluru, Karnataka - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Shaik-Tazuddin/1366179051f145eb  To establish myself as a sincere and honest employee in a challenging organization by using my attitude and learning, thus enhancing my skills along with the growth of the organization.  WORK EXPERIENCE  Senior Process Executive  STAR India -  Bengaluru, Karnataka -  November 2017 to Present  Senior Process Executive - Cisco Client STAR EMEAR &amp; US: ➢ Creating Dart ID from the requested details and configuring products with appropriate pricing &amp; discounts. ➢ Responsible for managing and analyzing backlog for the European countries with especial attention to France, Spain, United Kingdom, Italy, Sweden, Slovakia, Israel, Germany. ➢ Reviewing quality figures, counts and Q flow monthly to ensure the targets are met. ➢ Making report and C-SAT presentation regarding process for business development. ➢ Immediate action on customer queries and escalations in order to meet quality standards. ➢ To ensure 100% closure to all the customer queries, SLA adherence for self-productivity and quality. ➢ Resolving issue and escalated cases for Europe and US countries. ➢ Giving training for the new folks and support to quality team. ➢ Overlap checking for the deals and AM assignment. ➢ Promoted as SME where the responsibilities are to handle the team in the absence of Manager OR Team Lead and assigning the Work to the folks.  STAR- ANZ: Star ANZ deals with the direct partners of Cisco and the indirect distributors from the Australia and New Zealand, where they require deal ids for their transactions to purchase the products from cisco. These direct partners and the distributors contacts us to create the deal ids with the products, quantity, end user and partners name and the discount. Star ANZ with all these creates the deal ids with the approval of account managers of the cisco of the respected account with the help of the various tools provided by cisco for example- CCW, SFDC, sales force etc. And contacting all the requesters through emails and through chat.  STAR- INDIA: Star India deals with the Direct partners and the Account managers of the Cisco. Deal ids created will be created as per the request from the partners and the Account managers for ordering purpose of the Cisco products and the same will be informed to them through E-mail or Chat or through Phone.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Shaik-Tazuddin/1366179051f145eb?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   Senior process executive at Infosys bpm limited  Infosys BPM -  Bangalore Rural, Karnataka -  November 2015 to Present  Deal management  -  November 2015 to October 2016  EDUCATION  B.Com in C.A  S.V University -  Tirupati, Andhra Pradesh  2015  Education, A.P  Margadarshi Junior College  2012  SSC  Board Of Secondary Education  2010  SKILLS  HTML (Less than 1 year), MS OFFICE (Less than 1 year), Tally (Less than 1 year)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  COMPUTER SKILLS Packages: MS Office, HTML, TALLY  PERSONAL STRENGTHS ➢ Dedication towards work. ➢ Quick learner and self motivated. ➢ Good Communication Skills and Personality. ➢ Positive attitude. ➢ Willing to spend more time.
[3913, 4370] Soumya Balan IT SUPPORT  Sulthan Bathery, Kerala, Kerala - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Soumya- Balan/97ead9542c575355  ➢ To work in a progressive organization where I can enhance my skills and learning to contribute to the success of the organization.  WORK EXPERIENCE  Technical support engineer  Microsoft  Position: TECHNICAL SUPPORT ENGINEER  Company: Microsoft Corporation - Microsoft India Global Technical Support Center (Microsoft IGTSC), Bangalore  Years of Experience: 2 Years and 4 Months  Responsibilities  ➢ Represent Microsoft and communicate with corporate customers via telephone, written correspondence, or electronic service regarding technically complex escalated problems identified in Microsoft software products, and manage relationships with those customers.  ➢ Manage not only the technically complex problems, but also politically charged situations requiring the highest level of customer skill.  ➢ Receive technically complex, critical or politically hot customer issues, and maintain ownership of issue until resolved completely.  ➢ Solve highly complex problems, involving broad, in-depth product knowledge or in-depth product specialty.  ➢ Use trace analysis, and other sophisticated tools to analyze problems and develop solutions to meet customer needs.  ➢ Lead triage meetings to share knowledge with other engineers and develop customer solutions efficiently.  ➢ Act as technical lead, mentor, and model for a team of engineers; provide direction to others, review solutions and articles, mentoring existing &amp; aspiring Engineers.  ➢ Write technical articles for knowledge base.  ➢ Consult, collaborate and take escalations when necessary.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Soumya-Balan/97ead9542c575355?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN https://www.indeed.com/r/Soumya-Balan/97ead9542c575355?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   ➢ Maintain working knowledge of pre-release products and take ownership for improvement in key technical areas.  ➢ Manage customer escalations and recognize when to solicit additional help. Participate in technical discussions and engage with product team if required to resolve issues and represent customer segments.  Exchange Server Knowledge  ➢ Exchange Server 2007 ➢ Exchange Server 2010 ➢ Exchange Server 2013 ➢ O365  UG PROJECT TITLE: Memory Bounded Anytime Heuristic Search A* Algorithm  ➢ This Project presents a heuristic-search algorithm called Memory-bounded Anytime Window A*(MAWA*), which is complete, anytime, and memory bounded. MAWA* uses the window- bounded anytime-search methodology of AWA* as the basic framework and combines it with the memory-bounded A* -like approach to handle restricted memory situations. Simple and efficient versions of MAWA* targeted for tree search have also been presented. Experimental results of the sliding-tile puzzle problem and the traveling-salesman problem show the significant advantages of the proposed algorithm over existing methods.  Technical and Co-Curricular activities  ➢ Star Performer in Microsoft IGTSC in 2014. ➢ Paper Presentations on Applications of Robotics in INOX 2K12. ➢ Attended a Three-Day workshop on C and C++ Programming and Aliasing. ➢ Attended a One-Day workshop on Java and Hardware Workshop at VECW ➢ Paper presentation 4G Technologies, Cloud Computing, Heuristic Algorithms and Applications, Open Source Software. ➢ Multimedia presentations on Artificial Intellegence, 6th Sense, and Robotics. ➢ Completed training of OCA (9i, 10g) from Oracle University. ➢ Attended SPARK training program in Infosys Mysore. ➢ Attended System Hardware Training program at HCL, Pondicherry.  EDUCATION  BE in Computer Science and Engineering  Vivekananda Engineering College for Women -  Chennai, Tamil Nadu  2013  BTEC HNC in Aviation in Hospitality and Travel Management  Frankfinn Institute of Airhostess Training -  Calicut, Kerala    2008  State Board  2007  SKILLS  Linux (Less than 1 year), Microsoft Office (Less than 1 year), MS OFFICE (Less than 1 year), problem solving (Less than 1 year)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Skill Set ➢ Excellent communication and interpersonal skills. ➢ Proficient in Computer Applications -Microsoft Office Windows (Windows 2007, XP, 8, 8.1 and Windows 10), Linux, Fedora. ➢ Strong analytical and problem solving skills. ➢ Ability in managing a team of professionals and enjoy being in a team.
[3815, 3859] Soumya Balan IT SUPPORT  Sulthan Bathery, Kerala, Kerala - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Soumya- Balan/97ead9542c575355  ➢ To work in a progressive organization where I can enhance my skills and learning to contribute to the success of the organization.  WORK EXPERIENCE  Technical support engineer  Microsoft  Position: TECHNICAL SUPPORT ENGINEER  Company: Microsoft Corporation - Microsoft India Global Technical Support Center (Microsoft IGTSC), Bangalore  Years of Experience: 2 Years and 4 Months  Responsibilities  ➢ Represent Microsoft and communicate with corporate customers via telephone, written correspondence, or electronic service regarding technically complex escalated problems identified in Microsoft software products, and manage relationships with those customers.  ➢ Manage not only the technically complex problems, but also politically charged situations requiring the highest level of customer skill.  ➢ Receive technically complex, critical or politically hot customer issues, and maintain ownership of issue until resolved completely.  ➢ Solve highly complex problems, involving broad, in-depth product knowledge or in-depth product specialty.  ➢ Use trace analysis, and other sophisticated tools to analyze problems and develop solutions to meet customer needs.  ➢ Lead triage meetings to share knowledge with other engineers and develop customer solutions efficiently.  ➢ Act as technical lead, mentor, and model for a team of engineers; provide direction to others, review solutions and articles, mentoring existing &amp; aspiring Engineers.  ➢ Write technical articles for knowledge base.  ➢ Consult, collaborate and take escalations when necessary.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Soumya-Balan/97ead9542c575355?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN https://www.indeed.com/r/Soumya-Balan/97ead9542c575355?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   ➢ Maintain working knowledge of pre-release products and take ownership for improvement in key technical areas.  ➢ Manage customer escalations and recognize when to solicit additional help. Participate in technical discussions and engage with product team if required to resolve issues and represent customer segments.  Exchange Server Knowledge  ➢ Exchange Server 2007 ➢ Exchange Server 2010 ➢ Exchange Server 2013 ➢ O365  UG PROJECT TITLE: Memory Bounded Anytime Heuristic Search A* Algorithm  ➢ This Project presents a heuristic-search algorithm called Memory-bounded Anytime Window A*(MAWA*), which is complete, anytime, and memory bounded. MAWA* uses the window- bounded anytime-search methodology of AWA* as the basic framework and combines it with the memory-bounded A* -like approach to handle restricted memory situations. Simple and efficient versions of MAWA* targeted for tree search have also been presented. Experimental results of the sliding-tile puzzle problem and the traveling-salesman problem show the significant advantages of the proposed algorithm over existing methods.  Technical and Co-Curricular activities  ➢ Star Performer in Microsoft IGTSC in 2014. ➢ Paper Presentations on Applications of Robotics in INOX 2K12. ➢ Attended a Three-Day workshop on C and C++ Programming and Aliasing. ➢ Attended a One-Day workshop on Java and Hardware Workshop at VECW ➢ Paper presentation 4G Technologies, Cloud Computing, Heuristic Algorithms and Applications, Open Source Software. ➢ Multimedia presentations on Artificial Intellegence, 6th Sense, and Robotics. ➢ Completed training of OCA (9i, 10g) from Oracle University. ➢ Attended SPARK training program in Infosys Mysore. ➢ Attended System Hardware Training program at HCL, Pondicherry.  EDUCATION  BE in Computer Science and Engineering  Vivekananda Engineering College for Women -  Chennai, Tamil Nadu  2013  BTEC HNC in Aviation in Hospitality and Travel Management  Frankfinn Institute of Airhostess Training -  Calicut, Kerala    2008  State Board  2007  SKILLS  Linux (Less than 1 year), Microsoft Office (Less than 1 year), MS OFFICE (Less than 1 year), problem solving (Less than 1 year)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Skill Set ➢ Excellent communication and interpersonal skills. ➢ Proficient in Computer Applications -Microsoft Office Windows (Windows 2007, XP, 8, 8.1 and Windows 10), Linux, Fedora. ➢ Strong analytical and problem solving skills. ➢ Ability in managing a team of professionals and enjoy being in a team.
[3756, 3813] Soumya Balan IT SUPPORT  Sulthan Bathery, Kerala, Kerala - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Soumya- Balan/97ead9542c575355  ➢ To work in a progressive organization where I can enhance my skills and learning to contribute to the success of the organization.  WORK EXPERIENCE  Technical support engineer  Microsoft  Position: TECHNICAL SUPPORT ENGINEER  Company: Microsoft Corporation - Microsoft India Global Technical Support Center (Microsoft IGTSC), Bangalore  Years of Experience: 2 Years and 4 Months  Responsibilities  ➢ Represent Microsoft and communicate with corporate customers via telephone, written correspondence, or electronic service regarding technically complex escalated problems identified in Microsoft software products, and manage relationships with those customers.  ➢ Manage not only the technically complex problems, but also politically charged situations requiring the highest level of customer skill.  ➢ Receive technically complex, critical or politically hot customer issues, and maintain ownership of issue until resolved completely.  ➢ Solve highly complex problems, involving broad, in-depth product knowledge or in-depth product specialty.  ➢ Use trace analysis, and other sophisticated tools to analyze problems and develop solutions to meet customer needs.  ➢ Lead triage meetings to share knowledge with other engineers and develop customer solutions efficiently.  ➢ Act as technical lead, mentor, and model for a team of engineers; provide direction to others, review solutions and articles, mentoring existing &amp; aspiring Engineers.  ➢ Write technical articles for knowledge base.  ➢ Consult, collaborate and take escalations when necessary.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Soumya-Balan/97ead9542c575355?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN https://www.indeed.com/r/Soumya-Balan/97ead9542c575355?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   ➢ Maintain working knowledge of pre-release products and take ownership for improvement in key technical areas.  ➢ Manage customer escalations and recognize when to solicit additional help. Participate in technical discussions and engage with product team if required to resolve issues and represent customer segments.  Exchange Server Knowledge  ➢ Exchange Server 2007 ➢ Exchange Server 2010 ➢ Exchange Server 2013 ➢ O365  UG PROJECT TITLE: Memory Bounded Anytime Heuristic Search A* Algorithm  ➢ This Project presents a heuristic-search algorithm called Memory-bounded Anytime Window A*(MAWA*), which is complete, anytime, and memory bounded. MAWA* uses the window- bounded anytime-search methodology of AWA* as the basic framework and combines it with the memory-bounded A* -like approach to handle restricted memory situations. Simple and efficient versions of MAWA* targeted for tree search have also been presented. Experimental results of the sliding-tile puzzle problem and the traveling-salesman problem show the significant advantages of the proposed algorithm over existing methods.  Technical and Co-Curricular activities  ➢ Star Performer in Microsoft IGTSC in 2014. ➢ Paper Presentations on Applications of Robotics in INOX 2K12. ➢ Attended a Three-Day workshop on C and C++ Programming and Aliasing. ➢ Attended a One-Day workshop on Java and Hardware Workshop at VECW ➢ Paper presentation 4G Technologies, Cloud Computing, Heuristic Algorithms and Applications, Open Source Software. ➢ Multimedia presentations on Artificial Intellegence, 6th Sense, and Robotics. ➢ Completed training of OCA (9i, 10g) from Oracle University. ➢ Attended SPARK training program in Infosys Mysore. ➢ Attended System Hardware Training program at HCL, Pondicherry.  EDUCATION  BE in Computer Science and Engineering  Vivekananda Engineering College for Women -  Chennai, Tamil Nadu  2013  BTEC HNC in Aviation in Hospitality and Travel Management  Frankfinn Institute of Airhostess Training -  Calicut, Kerala    2008  State Board  2007  SKILLS  Linux (Less than 1 year), Microsoft Office (Less than 1 year), MS OFFICE (Less than 1 year), problem solving (Less than 1 year)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Skill Set ➢ Excellent communication and interpersonal skills. ➢ Proficient in Computer Applications -Microsoft Office Windows (Windows 2007, XP, 8, 8.1 and Windows 10), Linux, Fedora. ➢ Strong analytical and problem solving skills. ➢ Ability in managing a team of professionals and enjoy being in a team.
[3750, 3752] Soumya Balan IT SUPPORT  Sulthan Bathery, Kerala, Kerala - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Soumya- Balan/97ead9542c575355  ➢ To work in a progressive organization where I can enhance my skills and learning to contribute to the success of the organization.  WORK EXPERIENCE  Technical support engineer  Microsoft  Position: TECHNICAL SUPPORT ENGINEER  Company: Microsoft Corporation - Microsoft India Global Technical Support Center (Microsoft IGTSC), Bangalore  Years of Experience: 2 Years and 4 Months  Responsibilities  ➢ Represent Microsoft and communicate with corporate customers via telephone, written correspondence, or electronic service regarding technically complex escalated problems identified in Microsoft software products, and manage relationships with those customers.  ➢ Manage not only the technically complex problems, but also politically charged situations requiring the highest level of customer skill.  ➢ Receive technically complex, critical or politically hot customer issues, and maintain ownership of issue until resolved completely.  ➢ Solve highly complex problems, involving broad, in-depth product knowledge or in-depth product specialty.  ➢ Use trace analysis, and other sophisticated tools to analyze problems and develop solutions to meet customer needs.  ➢ Lead triage meetings to share knowledge with other engineers and develop customer solutions efficiently.  ➢ Act as technical lead, mentor, and model for a team of engineers; provide direction to others, review solutions and articles, mentoring existing &amp; aspiring Engineers.  ➢ Write technical articles for knowledge base.  ➢ Consult, collaborate and take escalations when necessary.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Soumya-Balan/97ead9542c575355?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN https://www.indeed.com/r/Soumya-Balan/97ead9542c575355?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   ➢ Maintain working knowledge of pre-release products and take ownership for improvement in key technical areas.  ➢ Manage customer escalations and recognize when to solicit additional help. Participate in technical discussions and engage with product team if required to resolve issues and represent customer segments.  Exchange Server Knowledge  ➢ Exchange Server 2007 ➢ Exchange Server 2010 ➢ Exchange Server 2013 ➢ O365  UG PROJECT TITLE: Memory Bounded Anytime Heuristic Search A* Algorithm  ➢ This Project presents a heuristic-search algorithm called Memory-bounded Anytime Window A*(MAWA*), which is complete, anytime, and memory bounded. MAWA* uses the window- bounded anytime-search methodology of AWA* as the basic framework and combines it with the memory-bounded A* -like approach to handle restricted memory situations. Simple and efficient versions of MAWA* targeted for tree search have also been presented. Experimental results of the sliding-tile puzzle problem and the traveling-salesman problem show the significant advantages of the proposed algorithm over existing methods.  Technical and Co-Curricular activities  ➢ Star Performer in Microsoft IGTSC in 2014. ➢ Paper Presentations on Applications of Robotics in INOX 2K12. ➢ Attended a Three-Day workshop on C and C++ Programming and Aliasing. ➢ Attended a One-Day workshop on Java and Hardware Workshop at VECW ➢ Paper presentation 4G Technologies, Cloud Computing, Heuristic Algorithms and Applications, Open Source Software. ➢ Multimedia presentations on Artificial Intellegence, 6th Sense, and Robotics. ➢ Completed training of OCA (9i, 10g) from Oracle University. ➢ Attended SPARK training program in Infosys Mysore. ➢ Attended System Hardware Training program at HCL, Pondicherry.  EDUCATION  BE in Computer Science and Engineering  Vivekananda Engineering College for Women -  Chennai, Tamil Nadu  2013  BTEC HNC in Aviation in Hospitality and Travel Management  Frankfinn Institute of Airhostess Training -  Calicut, Kerala    2008  State Board  2007  SKILLS  Linux (Less than 1 year), Microsoft Office (Less than 1 year), MS OFFICE (Less than 1 year), problem solving (Less than 1 year)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Skill Set ➢ Excellent communication and interpersonal skills. ➢ Proficient in Computer Applications -Microsoft Office Windows (Windows 2007, XP, 8, 8.1 and Windows 10), Linux, Fedora. ➢ Strong analytical and problem solving skills. ➢ Ability in managing a team of professionals and enjoy being in a team.
[3684, 3725] Soumya Balan IT SUPPORT  Sulthan Bathery, Kerala, Kerala - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Soumya- Balan/97ead9542c575355  ➢ To work in a progressive organization where I can enhance my skills and learning to contribute to the success of the organization.  WORK EXPERIENCE  Technical support engineer  Microsoft  Position: TECHNICAL SUPPORT ENGINEER  Company: Microsoft Corporation - Microsoft India Global Technical Support Center (Microsoft IGTSC), Bangalore  Years of Experience: 2 Years and 4 Months  Responsibilities  ➢ Represent Microsoft and communicate with corporate customers via telephone, written correspondence, or electronic service regarding technically complex escalated problems identified in Microsoft software products, and manage relationships with those customers.  ➢ Manage not only the technically complex problems, but also politically charged situations requiring the highest level of customer skill.  ➢ Receive technically complex, critical or politically hot customer issues, and maintain ownership of issue until resolved completely.  ➢ Solve highly complex problems, involving broad, in-depth product knowledge or in-depth product specialty.  ➢ Use trace analysis, and other sophisticated tools to analyze problems and develop solutions to meet customer needs.  ➢ Lead triage meetings to share knowledge with other engineers and develop customer solutions efficiently.  ➢ Act as technical lead, mentor, and model for a team of engineers; provide direction to others, review solutions and articles, mentoring existing &amp; aspiring Engineers.  ➢ Write technical articles for knowledge base.  ➢ Consult, collaborate and take escalations when necessary.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Soumya-Balan/97ead9542c575355?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN https://www.indeed.com/r/Soumya-Balan/97ead9542c575355?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   ➢ Maintain working knowledge of pre-release products and take ownership for improvement in key technical areas.  ➢ Manage customer escalations and recognize when to solicit additional help. Participate in technical discussions and engage with product team if required to resolve issues and represent customer segments.  Exchange Server Knowledge  ➢ Exchange Server 2007 ➢ Exchange Server 2010 ➢ Exchange Server 2013 ➢ O365  UG PROJECT TITLE: Memory Bounded Anytime Heuristic Search A* Algorithm  ➢ This Project presents a heuristic-search algorithm called Memory-bounded Anytime Window A*(MAWA*), which is complete, anytime, and memory bounded. MAWA* uses the window- bounded anytime-search methodology of AWA* as the basic framework and combines it with the memory-bounded A* -like approach to handle restricted memory situations. Simple and efficient versions of MAWA* targeted for tree search have also been presented. Experimental results of the sliding-tile puzzle problem and the traveling-salesman problem show the significant advantages of the proposed algorithm over existing methods.  Technical and Co-Curricular activities  ➢ Star Performer in Microsoft IGTSC in 2014. ➢ Paper Presentations on Applications of Robotics in INOX 2K12. ➢ Attended a Three-Day workshop on C and C++ Programming and Aliasing. ➢ Attended a One-Day workshop on Java and Hardware Workshop at VECW ➢ Paper presentation 4G Technologies, Cloud Computing, Heuristic Algorithms and Applications, Open Source Software. ➢ Multimedia presentations on Artificial Intellegence, 6th Sense, and Robotics. ➢ Completed training of OCA (9i, 10g) from Oracle University. ➢ Attended SPARK training program in Infosys Mysore. ➢ Attended System Hardware Training program at HCL, Pondicherry.  EDUCATION  BE in Computer Science and Engineering  Vivekananda Engineering College for Women -  Chennai, Tamil Nadu  2013  BTEC HNC in Aviation in Hospitality and Travel Management  Frankfinn Institute of Airhostess Training -  Calicut, Kerala    2008  State Board  2007  SKILLS  Linux (Less than 1 year), Microsoft Office (Less than 1 year), MS OFFICE (Less than 1 year), problem solving (Less than 1 year)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Skill Set ➢ Excellent communication and interpersonal skills. ➢ Proficient in Computer Applications -Microsoft Office Windows (Windows 2007, XP, 8, 8.1 and Windows 10), Linux, Fedora. ➢ Strong analytical and problem solving skills. ➢ Ability in managing a team of professionals and enjoy being in a team.
[3644, 3682] Soumya Balan IT SUPPORT  Sulthan Bathery, Kerala, Kerala - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Soumya- Balan/97ead9542c575355  ➢ To work in a progressive organization where I can enhance my skills and learning to contribute to the success of the organization.  WORK EXPERIENCE  Technical support engineer  Microsoft  Position: TECHNICAL SUPPORT ENGINEER  Company: Microsoft Corporation - Microsoft India Global Technical Support Center (Microsoft IGTSC), Bangalore  Years of Experience: 2 Years and 4 Months  Responsibilities  ➢ Represent Microsoft and communicate with corporate customers via telephone, written correspondence, or electronic service regarding technically complex escalated problems identified in Microsoft software products, and manage relationships with those customers.  ➢ Manage not only the technically complex problems, but also politically charged situations requiring the highest level of customer skill.  ➢ Receive technically complex, critical or politically hot customer issues, and maintain ownership of issue until resolved completely.  ➢ Solve highly complex problems, involving broad, in-depth product knowledge or in-depth product specialty.  ➢ Use trace analysis, and other sophisticated tools to analyze problems and develop solutions to meet customer needs.  ➢ Lead triage meetings to share knowledge with other engineers and develop customer solutions efficiently.  ➢ Act as technical lead, mentor, and model for a team of engineers; provide direction to others, review solutions and articles, mentoring existing &amp; aspiring Engineers.  ➢ Write technical articles for knowledge base.  ➢ Consult, collaborate and take escalations when necessary.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Soumya-Balan/97ead9542c575355?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN https://www.indeed.com/r/Soumya-Balan/97ead9542c575355?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   ➢ Maintain working knowledge of pre-release products and take ownership for improvement in key technical areas.  ➢ Manage customer escalations and recognize when to solicit additional help. Participate in technical discussions and engage with product team if required to resolve issues and represent customer segments.  Exchange Server Knowledge  ➢ Exchange Server 2007 ➢ Exchange Server 2010 ➢ Exchange Server 2013 ➢ O365  UG PROJECT TITLE: Memory Bounded Anytime Heuristic Search A* Algorithm  ➢ This Project presents a heuristic-search algorithm called Memory-bounded Anytime Window A*(MAWA*), which is complete, anytime, and memory bounded. MAWA* uses the window- bounded anytime-search methodology of AWA* as the basic framework and combines it with the memory-bounded A* -like approach to handle restricted memory situations. Simple and efficient versions of MAWA* targeted for tree search have also been presented. Experimental results of the sliding-tile puzzle problem and the traveling-salesman problem show the significant advantages of the proposed algorithm over existing methods.  Technical and Co-Curricular activities  ➢ Star Performer in Microsoft IGTSC in 2014. ➢ Paper Presentations on Applications of Robotics in INOX 2K12. ➢ Attended a Three-Day workshop on C and C++ Programming and Aliasing. ➢ Attended a One-Day workshop on Java and Hardware Workshop at VECW ➢ Paper presentation 4G Technologies, Cloud Computing, Heuristic Algorithms and Applications, Open Source Software. ➢ Multimedia presentations on Artificial Intellegence, 6th Sense, and Robotics. ➢ Completed training of OCA (9i, 10g) from Oracle University. ➢ Attended SPARK training program in Infosys Mysore. ➢ Attended System Hardware Training program at HCL, Pondicherry.  EDUCATION  BE in Computer Science and Engineering  Vivekananda Engineering College for Women -  Chennai, Tamil Nadu  2013  BTEC HNC in Aviation in Hospitality and Travel Management  Frankfinn Institute of Airhostess Training -  Calicut, Kerala    2008  State Board  2007  SKILLS  Linux (Less than 1 year), Microsoft Office (Less than 1 year), MS OFFICE (Less than 1 year), problem solving (Less than 1 year)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Skill Set ➢ Excellent communication and interpersonal skills. ➢ Proficient in Computer Applications -Microsoft Office Windows (Windows 2007, XP, 8, 8.1 and Windows 10), Linux, Fedora. ➢ Strong analytical and problem solving skills. ➢ Ability in managing a team of professionals and enjoy being in a team.
[2284, 2287] Soumya Balan IT SUPPORT  Sulthan Bathery, Kerala, Kerala - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Soumya- Balan/97ead9542c575355  ➢ To work in a progressive organization where I can enhance my skills and learning to contribute to the success of the organization.  WORK EXPERIENCE  Technical support engineer  Microsoft  Position: TECHNICAL SUPPORT ENGINEER  Company: Microsoft Corporation - Microsoft India Global Technical Support Center (Microsoft IGTSC), Bangalore  Years of Experience: 2 Years and 4 Months  Responsibilities  ➢ Represent Microsoft and communicate with corporate customers via telephone, written correspondence, or electronic service regarding technically complex escalated problems identified in Microsoft software products, and manage relationships with those customers.  ➢ Manage not only the technically complex problems, but also politically charged situations requiring the highest level of customer skill.  ➢ Receive technically complex, critical or politically hot customer issues, and maintain ownership of issue until resolved completely.  ➢ Solve highly complex problems, involving broad, in-depth product knowledge or in-depth product specialty.  ➢ Use trace analysis, and other sophisticated tools to analyze problems and develop solutions to meet customer needs.  ➢ Lead triage meetings to share knowledge with other engineers and develop customer solutions efficiently.  ➢ Act as technical lead, mentor, and model for a team of engineers; provide direction to others, review solutions and articles, mentoring existing &amp; aspiring Engineers.  ➢ Write technical articles for knowledge base.  ➢ Consult, collaborate and take escalations when necessary.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Soumya-Balan/97ead9542c575355?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN https://www.indeed.com/r/Soumya-Balan/97ead9542c575355?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   ➢ Maintain working knowledge of pre-release products and take ownership for improvement in key technical areas.  ➢ Manage customer escalations and recognize when to solicit additional help. Participate in technical discussions and engage with product team if required to resolve issues and represent customer segments.  Exchange Server Knowledge  ➢ Exchange Server 2007 ➢ Exchange Server 2010 ➢ Exchange Server 2013 ➢ O365  UG PROJECT TITLE: Memory Bounded Anytime Heuristic Search A* Algorithm  ➢ This Project presents a heuristic-search algorithm called Memory-bounded Anytime Window A*(MAWA*), which is complete, anytime, and memory bounded. MAWA* uses the window- bounded anytime-search methodology of AWA* as the basic framework and combines it with the memory-bounded A* -like approach to handle restricted memory situations. Simple and efficient versions of MAWA* targeted for tree search have also been presented. Experimental results of the sliding-tile puzzle problem and the traveling-salesman problem show the significant advantages of the proposed algorithm over existing methods.  Technical and Co-Curricular activities  ➢ Star Performer in Microsoft IGTSC in 2014. ➢ Paper Presentations on Applications of Robotics in INOX 2K12. ➢ Attended a Three-Day workshop on C and C++ Programming and Aliasing. ➢ Attended a One-Day workshop on Java and Hardware Workshop at VECW ➢ Paper presentation 4G Technologies, Cloud Computing, Heuristic Algorithms and Applications, Open Source Software. ➢ Multimedia presentations on Artificial Intellegence, 6th Sense, and Robotics. ➢ Completed training of OCA (9i, 10g) from Oracle University. ➢ Attended SPARK training program in Infosys Mysore. ➢ Attended System Hardware Training program at HCL, Pondicherry.  EDUCATION  BE in Computer Science and Engineering  Vivekananda Engineering College for Women -  Chennai, Tamil Nadu  2013  BTEC HNC in Aviation in Hospitality and Travel Management  Frankfinn Institute of Airhostess Training -  Calicut, Kerala    2008  State Board  2007  SKILLS  Linux (Less than 1 year), Microsoft Office (Less than 1 year), MS OFFICE (Less than 1 year), problem solving (Less than 1 year)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Skill Set ➢ Excellent communication and interpersonal skills. ➢ Proficient in Computer Applications -Microsoft Office Windows (Windows 2007, XP, 8, 8.1 and Windows 10), Linux, Fedora. ➢ Strong analytical and problem solving skills. ➢ Ability in managing a team of professionals and enjoy being in a team.
[368, 409] Avani Priya - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Avani-Priya/fe6b4c5516207abe  WORK EXPERIENCE  JavaTally Microsoft -  2013 to 2015  office  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION I am a girl with simple living and high thinking .I need to work to prove myself. I am to be independent I don't want to depend on someone.  EDUCATION  br day public school -  Begusarai, Bihar  https://www.indeed.com/r/Avani-Priya/fe6b4c5516207abe?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN
[3111, 3152] Srinivas VO Sr. Test Manager  Mumbai, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Srinivas-VO/39c80e42cb6bc97f  A Test Manager, with a track record of 15+Yrs ( 4yrs UK onsite) delivering major test solutions for global projects ($40m) on behalf of leading blue chip organisations. Delivering IT solutions, ranging from simple to complex and challenging projects and programs, establishing an enviable record of on-time, high quality & added value delivery. ● Testing capabilities to existing customers and prospective customers during client visits / at customer location. ● Own and Support RFI/RFPs, proposal walkthroughs and presentations and Transition knowledge from pre-sales to delivery, in case of project win ● Analyze proposal requirements in direct relation with clients, and provide innovative solutions, as part of proposals ● Develop proof of concepts to prospects during pre-sales phase, Provide test consulting services, on demand & Collate repository from delivery team, along with case studies for use in proposals, presentations and consulting ● Pipeline building through new opportunities, cross-selling, up-selling and Establish communication with Geo Sales and other streams of business ● Maintain Order Book, Win /Loss analysis, pre-sales metrics ● Handle any technical question or issue which arises during a sales cycle and setting appropriate customer expectations. ● Independently executes strategic leadership to others in identifying opportunities and Expert in driving pilots/proof of concepts. ● Talented in handling extremely risk and competitive situations and responsible for product and services, revenue goals at team and regional level. ● Proposed and implemented TCoE setup for 2 major clients, which helped in improving the productivity by reducing the staffing and operational cost by 25%. ● Involved in setup for Custom Application Testing Services (Oracle R12, Siebel, Fusion etc., ) in Oracle SSI & Testing Centre of Excellence (TCoE) ● Ability to excite customers, generate awareness of new possibilities that can yield additional revenue. ● Planning, scheduling and tracking of the project modules and conducted trainings across teams and Experience in proposals for the projects, resource planning and estimations. ● Extensive experience on bid management, PMO process, risk management and prepared project management office documents. ● Expertise in building automation frameworks for Front to back testing of Retail / Healthcare/ Telecom/ BFSI/Supply Chain Trading applications ● Expertise in design, development and implementation of frameworks using UNIX, Java, .Net, VB, SQL, XML, SWIFT, MQ and FMW. ● Experience in E2E testing of variety of Oracle Applications: ● Oracle Retail: Oracle RMS, RPM, REIM, SIM etc. ● Oracle Ebusiness Suite R12: AP, AR, GL, OM, PA, CM, TM ● Oracle IDM: OAM, OIM, OVD, OID, SSO ● Oracle Siebel: Public Sector, Call Center Apps, Ebilling Apps ● Oracle Fusion Applications: Fusion HCM, R12, OBIEE ● Oracle Transportation Management: Order Management, Shipments, Transport Request management, Routing and Consolidation  https://www.indeed.com/r/Srinivas-VO/39c80e42cb6bc97f?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   ● Oracle FlexCube & Oracle Health Sciences: Oracle® Clinical ● Oracle Communications: Billing and Revenue Management (BRS), Order Management and Order Fulfillment (OMOF) ● Experience in managing large diversified team across geographies ● Experience includes customization of methodologies for the business needs and deploying them into programs/projects ● Experience in proposing out of box solutions for automation and convincing clients on alternate solutions and investments in automation using ● Oracle Tools (OATS, Oracle Load Tester, Oracle Test Manager) ● HP Tools (QTP, Load Runner, Test Director, Performance Centre) ● Rational Suite (Reqpro, RA, Rational Robot, RFT, RPT, RCC, RCQ) ● Open Source / Other Tools: Selenium Webdriver 2.0, Testng, JMeter, Appium, Junit, Cucumber, JIRA, Maven, SOAPUI, Jbehave, BDD etc., ● A strategic thinker, problem solver, project implementer and change leader, who has consistently provided organizations with added value as they move towards achieving their objectives. ● Helped many large and small organizations to establish sound project & management practices integrated into the corporate framework to deliver projects, programs and managed portfolios. ● Ability to identify business value in customer needs and translate to innovative solutions communicating the requirements & mission, in context, to both management & IT & Quality development, using sound, proven and valued management practices through integrated best processes from clients and IT Governance Frameworks (RUP, CMMI and ISO)  Solution Sectors Service successes in: Logistics & SCM, Investment Banking, Public Sector, Financial, Banking, Retail, Health Sciences, Telecom, Real Estate, Hospitality, Outsourcing, Project Management, Knowledge Management & Performance Management.  Clientele DHL (UK), Mobily (Saudi Arabia), UBS (London, UK), Rolls Royce (Derby, UK), TNT (Hinckley, UK), RCUK (Research Councils, Swindon, UK), ADAT (Middle East), OHI (Netherlands), Citibank (USA), Transurban (Australia), BCBS (Blue Cross Blue Shield, USA) etc.  Willing to relocate: Anywhere  WORK EXPERIENCE  QA Manager  Tracelink -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  April 2017 to October 2017  ➔ Define, evangelize, and implement global, unified agile delivery processes; select common tools; specify core quality-measurement KPIs,expand automated-testing in Continuous Integration environment ➔ Project Manager and Scrum Master of company's highest priority Tracelink Products & Tracelink L3 Support Projects recognized by executive management as the model for    project organization and execution. ➔ Manage and administer relations, budgets, and contracts with outsourcing vendor ➔ Define the test strategy and approach for one or many products, provide quality assurance leadership, and be ultimately responsible for ensuring product quality ➔ Perform hands-on job that requires strategic thinking and planning to provide leadership and expertise throughout the entire QA life cycle, ensuring the success of the team's manual and automation efforts ➔ Lead efforts to develop, document, and implement applicable QA processes and procedures to provide more effective quality methods within the group in support of providing quality products ➔ Create, implement, maintain, and enhance test plans, test scripts, and test methodologies to ensure comprehensive test coverage ➔ Develop world class automation for regression and feature testing ➔ Work closely with all stakeholders to ensure project alignment ➔ Provide quarterly presentations to executive staff on QA accomplishments and future vision and goals Environment: Amazon Cloud Services (Habari, Elasticache, Cloud Search, Dynamo, RDS, Redis, Amazon RedShift), Java, Scala, Selenium Webdriver, Jmeter etc.,  Sr. Test Manager  confidential -  Bengaluru, Karnataka -  July 2013 to March 2017  Test Manager, Client  Oracle SSI -  London -  January 2011 to November 2012  London Description: Oracle will provide services to Manage process workshops with UBS to map the Oracle Fusion Human Capital Management (HCM) applications processes to UBS's global processes. Implement Oracle Fusion HCM applications within an Oracle. Software as a Service (SaaS) environment. Support UBS with the mapping of the Oracle Fusion Applications data structures to UBS's current PeopleSoft 8.8 system and then design, develop and unit test data load routines. This will include the definition of the reconciliation process. Configure and system test the application modules to support the Level 3 standard business processes and the UBS functional requirements identified. Responsibilities: Developed High Level Test Strategy for UBS - Group HR Applications (Viz., Workforce Management, Recruitment and Talent Management, Compensation management, Payrolls, Learning and Development, HR Service Management) Involved in Setting up Test Environments Viz., (System Testing, SIT, Conversion Testing, Security    Testing, Cutover Testing, Performance Testing, UAT) Developed Master Test Plans for Oracle Fusion HCM Applications (Viz., Compensation Management, WorkForce Management, Recruitment and Talent Management) & Non Fusion Oracle Applications (viz., Service Management) Developed High Level Test Requirements for Workforce Deployment, Workforce development, System Test Cases for Workforce Management, Fusion Personalization Review Test Scripts for Fusion HCM Applications & Non Fusion Applications Track and prepare the report of testing activities like test testing results, test case coverage, required resources, defects discovered and their status, performance baselines etc. Developed Test Automation Strategy & Automation Framework for Fusion HCM SAAS Applications. Involved in Setting up Test Automation Infrastructure Environment for Automation Test Assists: a. Test project Setup, Roles and Test planning using Oracle Test Manager  b. Functional Test Script Development using Oracle Open Script  c. Performance Test Script Development Using Oracle Load Tester Ensure the timely delivery of different testing milestones. Conducted LESS (Load Testing, Endurance Testing, Stress Testing, Spike Testing) Testing Activities for Fusion HCM SAAS Applications.  Title: WMI, Period: Oct '2010 - Dec '2011 Project Description: The world's largest retailer implements Oracle Retail applications including Oracle Retail Merchandise System, Oracle Retail Allocation and other elements of the Oracle Retail Suite as part of its merchandising transformation initiatives. Responsibilities: ● Direct Client dealings. Getting information from client on requirement for areas where in our expertise in testing can be used and giving proposal. ● Developed Domain Level Test Strategy ● Manage entire testing activities from Functional test preparation/execution, Integration test preparation/execution, System test preparation/execution ● Prepared scheduled plan for the client and updating the same in Microsoft Project Plan effective tracking of progress of project. ● Tracking of testing progress in all areas and pointing out gaps to be filled to Client and own resources. ● Review daily and weekly Testers' status reports and take necessary actions and assessing the progress and effectiveness of the test effort ● Provide estimation for manual and automation testing areas. ● Tested Oracle Retail Applications ( RMS, RPM, Allocation etc., ) ● Track Schedule and Effort deviation tracking in internal tracking tool. ● Co-ordination of work between resources from India, USA ● Expertise in QTP and coming out with an automation framework proposal for the client showing casing advantages of an automated approach    Test / Project Management  Oracle SSI -  Bangalore, Karnataka -  May 2008 to November 2012  Managed 2 Project and Several minor releases with 50+ members Team of Test leads, Sr. test engineer, Test Engineers.  Title: UBS - Fusion HCM SAAS Implementation  EDUCATION  MSC in Computer science  Nagarjuna University  BSC in Computer science  Kakatiya University  SKILLS  Testing (10+ years), Program Management (10+ years), Automation Testing (10+ years), Selenium Webdriver (4 years), Project Management (10+ years), Java (10+ years), AWS (10+ years), Cloud Computing (4 years)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Expertise Involved and excelling in enterprise-wide initiatives, complex and time-critical business projects providing distinctive leadership at the following levels: ● Account Management: Understanding inter-related services of the organization; representing organization within an account; selling entire portfolio of enterprise services; strategy to action by suggesting right processes, skills, culture (people), technology and content; effectively maintaining relationships with customers. Understanding key challenges of the customer; financial performance of the client; competitors within the account; technology budget or spend; client spend on consulting. Key functions: business consulting; aligning IT to business; application portfolio review; business analysis/requirements; KPIs/scorecards; involved in writing; implementing and tracking account plans; estimating budgets; business cases; RFPs; proposals and business presentations. ● Test Manager: Onsite / Offshore Operations: Involved in all key initiatives of the enterprise with all vendors, pre sales activities, customer engagement, writing proposals, and Test consulting.    Established and managed practice improvement forum onsite with 50+ associates providing inputs to testing practice and provided lots of trainings. ● Portfolio/Programme/Project Management level: Delivering programs and projects in managed portfolios from Initiation Business Case & Charter, through Requirements, Planning, Budgeting, Execution & Release Management, to closeout review while providing auditable progress & deliverable completion visible to the project team, Management and stakeholders. IT projects covering custom solutions, shrink-wrap product development, & commercial off-the-shelf development & integration. ● Management and Governance establishing governance criteria and enforcing these through effective performance management & strategic planning; developing new opportunities; preparing business cases, POC, POS and application review mechanisms; ensuring measurably high customer satisfaction; setting BU objectives, educating, mentoring & guiding Sales & Marketing resources. Developing collaborative relationships with customers, vendors, and product support leaders. Providing integrated approach to CMMI, Earned Value, ROI, Training Plans, Satisfaction & Expectation Management, and Reporting. ● Project Office, Project Procurement & Financial Management, developing, establishing & maintaining PMO services, Organizational Governance tools & Systems, Traceability Matrix, project & master Schedules, project Plans, Resource Profiles, organizational Capacity Management, Cost, Risk & Issue, Integration sequence, Communication Plans, Mentoring, Training, Templates, & Performance, for all PMBOK and CMMI disciplines. ● Architecture, developing frameworks helpful for enterprises on strategic reuse, testing strategy, automation strategy, plans supporting Business Continuity essential to maintaining and communicating & solutions for business, development & stakeholder leaders & members. ● Leadership, strong skills in Leadership, Motivation, Negotiation, Team building, Mentoring, Training, Facilitation, Dispute Resolution, Collaboration, Communication & Organization Development. ● Process Engineering, Quality Assurance, Quality Control & Configuration Management, Involved in SDLC definition and customization and method adaptation, process optimization, Enterprise-Wide Road Map for Standards Establishment, Components for Enterprise-Wide Standards, Standards Enforcement, Quality Assurance Continuum, Quality Control Continuum, developing various test frameworks, methodologies and processes, Standard CMMI Appraisal method for Process Improvement (SCAMPI), establishing Quality Objectives, Goals, Metrics, Forecasts, Enterprise level Test strategies, & tools, applying to IT Governance Frameworks.  Personal Strengths: ● Provides direction and leadership with strong interpersonal and team building skills ● Successfully works with people within and across organizational boundaries to build agreements, guidelines, and standards in order to resolve issues and create consistent practices. ● Strong practitioner of clearly written purposeful communication and direction ● Developing solutions to deliver quality products to clients through people and processes
[3660, 3663] Palani S Senior Technology Support Executive at Infosys - Development  Porur, TAMIL NADU, IN - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Palani-S/d3b2e79f56262868  To seek a position in your organization where I can apply my knowledge &amp; creativity, acquire new skills &amp; contribute effectively to the benefit of the organization and also my professional growth.  WORK EXPERIENCE  Senior Technology Support Executive at Infosys  Development -  Chennai, Tamil Nadu -  May 2015 to Present  WORK EXPERINCE • Currently Working as Senior Technology Support Executive at Infosys, Chennai from May 2015 to till date.  Software Engineer  Ampark Solutions Ltd -  October 2012 to July 2014  Job Responsibilities  • Developing Controllers classes in java using Spring 3.2 Framework. • Created and manipulated JDBC connection using DAO Implementation class. • Implemented Business logics using service Implementation class. • Creating Tables and generating Sql Queries. • Testing, installing and monitoring new systems. • Preparing documentation and presenting progress reports to customers. • Knowledge in User Interface development using XML and HTML, Experience in installing, deploying and testing with Application Servers like Tomcat 7.0, Apache 1.3/2.0. • Experience in preparing reports and creating defects in HP QC. • Knowledge in creating Lists, Libraries and and import data from excel to the custom lists in sharepoint site.  PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE #Project 1: Finacle Knowledge Centre (FKC) Environment: C#, SharePoint 2013, SQL 2012 Roles: Development, Client/Server Side Validation &amp; Maintenance.  Project Details: Finacle Knowledge Centre is the re-engineered version of Finacle Help and Support Portal which is dedicated to offer customized support experience to Finacle clients. The solution offers real-time, secure access to Finacle product knowledge and relevant support information's.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Palani-S/d3b2e79f56262868?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   #Project 2: Container Tracking. Environment: Java, JDBC, Spring Framework, SQL, Eclipse, Tomcat. Roles: Developer. Project Details: This System is an Exhibit of real time solution to keep track of containers and make moves print document which considered being the best logistics solution for the client.  #Project 3: Care Radius-Interface Module. Environment: Oracle SQL Developer (Oracle 9i), MS SQL Server 2008 R2, SSIS Packages, MS Office, Service Remedy. Roles: Technical Support. Project Details: It is a complete medical management system, solution developed by EXL landcorp and used by HORIZON for providing end to end member's care management and the entire data are stored in and maintain in our database and each data is secured by our system. Key workflows in CR is Authorization, Appeals, case management, disease management, member compliance, provider compliance. #Project 4: Grigora (Custom Tool) Environment: Java, JDBC, Spring Framework, MySQL, Eclipse, Tomcat, MySQL Workbench. Roles: Developer.  Project Details: This System is an Exhibit of real time solution to create new user for an application. The System provides interfaces for assigning application specific roles to the user. Additionally, the System allows the user to create workflow template to handle application functionalities.  * TECHINICAL KNOWLEDGE  Programming Languages: Java 7. Web Centric Tech: JDBC Framework: Spring Version 3.2 Database: SQL, MONGO DB IDE: Eclipse Tools: Hp-QC  EDUCATION  MCA in Engineering  Anna University -  Chennai, Tamil Nadu  December 2009  B.SC.  MS University -  Tirunelveli, Tamil Nadu  September 2006  HSC    Sri Kanna Matriculation Higher Secondary School  2006  SSLC  Sri Kanna Matriculation Higher Secondary School  2004
[3600, 3602] Palani S Senior Technology Support Executive at Infosys - Development  Porur, TAMIL NADU, IN - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Palani-S/d3b2e79f56262868  To seek a position in your organization where I can apply my knowledge &amp; creativity, acquire new skills &amp; contribute effectively to the benefit of the organization and also my professional growth.  WORK EXPERIENCE  Senior Technology Support Executive at Infosys  Development -  Chennai, Tamil Nadu -  May 2015 to Present  WORK EXPERINCE • Currently Working as Senior Technology Support Executive at Infosys, Chennai from May 2015 to till date.  Software Engineer  Ampark Solutions Ltd -  October 2012 to July 2014  Job Responsibilities  • Developing Controllers classes in java using Spring 3.2 Framework. • Created and manipulated JDBC connection using DAO Implementation class. • Implemented Business logics using service Implementation class. • Creating Tables and generating Sql Queries. • Testing, installing and monitoring new systems. • Preparing documentation and presenting progress reports to customers. • Knowledge in User Interface development using XML and HTML, Experience in installing, deploying and testing with Application Servers like Tomcat 7.0, Apache 1.3/2.0. • Experience in preparing reports and creating defects in HP QC. • Knowledge in creating Lists, Libraries and and import data from excel to the custom lists in sharepoint site.  PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE #Project 1: Finacle Knowledge Centre (FKC) Environment: C#, SharePoint 2013, SQL 2012 Roles: Development, Client/Server Side Validation &amp; Maintenance.  Project Details: Finacle Knowledge Centre is the re-engineered version of Finacle Help and Support Portal which is dedicated to offer customized support experience to Finacle clients. The solution offers real-time, secure access to Finacle product knowledge and relevant support information's.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Palani-S/d3b2e79f56262868?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   #Project 2: Container Tracking. Environment: Java, JDBC, Spring Framework, SQL, Eclipse, Tomcat. Roles: Developer. Project Details: This System is an Exhibit of real time solution to keep track of containers and make moves print document which considered being the best logistics solution for the client.  #Project 3: Care Radius-Interface Module. Environment: Oracle SQL Developer (Oracle 9i), MS SQL Server 2008 R2, SSIS Packages, MS Office, Service Remedy. Roles: Technical Support. Project Details: It is a complete medical management system, solution developed by EXL landcorp and used by HORIZON for providing end to end member's care management and the entire data are stored in and maintain in our database and each data is secured by our system. Key workflows in CR is Authorization, Appeals, case management, disease management, member compliance, provider compliance. #Project 4: Grigora (Custom Tool) Environment: Java, JDBC, Spring Framework, MySQL, Eclipse, Tomcat, MySQL Workbench. Roles: Developer.  Project Details: This System is an Exhibit of real time solution to create new user for an application. The System provides interfaces for assigning application specific roles to the user. Additionally, the System allows the user to create workflow template to handle application functionalities.  * TECHINICAL KNOWLEDGE  Programming Languages: Java 7. Web Centric Tech: JDBC Framework: Spring Version 3.2 Database: SQL, MONGO DB IDE: Eclipse Tools: Hp-QC  EDUCATION  MCA in Engineering  Anna University -  Chennai, Tamil Nadu  December 2009  B.SC.  MS University -  Tirunelveli, Tamil Nadu  September 2006  HSC    Sri Kanna Matriculation Higher Secondary School  2006  SSLC  Sri Kanna Matriculation Higher Secondary School  2004
[3546, 3559] Palani S Senior Technology Support Executive at Infosys - Development  Porur, TAMIL NADU, IN - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Palani-S/d3b2e79f56262868  To seek a position in your organization where I can apply my knowledge &amp; creativity, acquire new skills &amp; contribute effectively to the benefit of the organization and also my professional growth.  WORK EXPERIENCE  Senior Technology Support Executive at Infosys  Development -  Chennai, Tamil Nadu -  May 2015 to Present  WORK EXPERINCE • Currently Working as Senior Technology Support Executive at Infosys, Chennai from May 2015 to till date.  Software Engineer  Ampark Solutions Ltd -  October 2012 to July 2014  Job Responsibilities  • Developing Controllers classes in java using Spring 3.2 Framework. • Created and manipulated JDBC connection using DAO Implementation class. • Implemented Business logics using service Implementation class. • Creating Tables and generating Sql Queries. • Testing, installing and monitoring new systems. • Preparing documentation and presenting progress reports to customers. • Knowledge in User Interface development using XML and HTML, Experience in installing, deploying and testing with Application Servers like Tomcat 7.0, Apache 1.3/2.0. • Experience in preparing reports and creating defects in HP QC. • Knowledge in creating Lists, Libraries and and import data from excel to the custom lists in sharepoint site.  PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE #Project 1: Finacle Knowledge Centre (FKC) Environment: C#, SharePoint 2013, SQL 2012 Roles: Development, Client/Server Side Validation &amp; Maintenance.  Project Details: Finacle Knowledge Centre is the re-engineered version of Finacle Help and Support Portal which is dedicated to offer customized support experience to Finacle clients. The solution offers real-time, secure access to Finacle product knowledge and relevant support information's.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Palani-S/d3b2e79f56262868?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   #Project 2: Container Tracking. Environment: Java, JDBC, Spring Framework, SQL, Eclipse, Tomcat. Roles: Developer. Project Details: This System is an Exhibit of real time solution to keep track of containers and make moves print document which considered being the best logistics solution for the client.  #Project 3: Care Radius-Interface Module. Environment: Oracle SQL Developer (Oracle 9i), MS SQL Server 2008 R2, SSIS Packages, MS Office, Service Remedy. Roles: Technical Support. Project Details: It is a complete medical management system, solution developed by EXL landcorp and used by HORIZON for providing end to end member's care management and the entire data are stored in and maintain in our database and each data is secured by our system. Key workflows in CR is Authorization, Appeals, case management, disease management, member compliance, provider compliance. #Project 4: Grigora (Custom Tool) Environment: Java, JDBC, Spring Framework, MySQL, Eclipse, Tomcat, MySQL Workbench. Roles: Developer.  Project Details: This System is an Exhibit of real time solution to create new user for an application. The System provides interfaces for assigning application specific roles to the user. Additionally, the System allows the user to create workflow template to handle application functionalities.  * TECHINICAL KNOWLEDGE  Programming Languages: Java 7. Web Centric Tech: JDBC Framework: Spring Version 3.2 Database: SQL, MONGO DB IDE: Eclipse Tools: Hp-QC  EDUCATION  MCA in Engineering  Anna University -  Chennai, Tamil Nadu  December 2009  B.SC.  MS University -  Tirunelveli, Tamil Nadu  September 2006  HSC    Sri Kanna Matriculation Higher Secondary School  2006  SSLC  Sri Kanna Matriculation Higher Secondary School  2004
[3539, 3544] Palani S Senior Technology Support Executive at Infosys - Development  Porur, TAMIL NADU, IN - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Palani-S/d3b2e79f56262868  To seek a position in your organization where I can apply my knowledge &amp; creativity, acquire new skills &amp; contribute effectively to the benefit of the organization and also my professional growth.  WORK EXPERIENCE  Senior Technology Support Executive at Infosys  Development -  Chennai, Tamil Nadu -  May 2015 to Present  WORK EXPERINCE • Currently Working as Senior Technology Support Executive at Infosys, Chennai from May 2015 to till date.  Software Engineer  Ampark Solutions Ltd -  October 2012 to July 2014  Job Responsibilities  • Developing Controllers classes in java using Spring 3.2 Framework. • Created and manipulated JDBC connection using DAO Implementation class. • Implemented Business logics using service Implementation class. • Creating Tables and generating Sql Queries. • Testing, installing and monitoring new systems. • Preparing documentation and presenting progress reports to customers. • Knowledge in User Interface development using XML and HTML, Experience in installing, deploying and testing with Application Servers like Tomcat 7.0, Apache 1.3/2.0. • Experience in preparing reports and creating defects in HP QC. • Knowledge in creating Lists, Libraries and and import data from excel to the custom lists in sharepoint site.  PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE #Project 1: Finacle Knowledge Centre (FKC) Environment: C#, SharePoint 2013, SQL 2012 Roles: Development, Client/Server Side Validation &amp; Maintenance.  Project Details: Finacle Knowledge Centre is the re-engineered version of Finacle Help and Support Portal which is dedicated to offer customized support experience to Finacle clients. The solution offers real-time, secure access to Finacle product knowledge and relevant support information's.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Palani-S/d3b2e79f56262868?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   #Project 2: Container Tracking. Environment: Java, JDBC, Spring Framework, SQL, Eclipse, Tomcat. Roles: Developer. Project Details: This System is an Exhibit of real time solution to keep track of containers and make moves print document which considered being the best logistics solution for the client.  #Project 3: Care Radius-Interface Module. Environment: Oracle SQL Developer (Oracle 9i), MS SQL Server 2008 R2, SSIS Packages, MS Office, Service Remedy. Roles: Technical Support. Project Details: It is a complete medical management system, solution developed by EXL landcorp and used by HORIZON for providing end to end member's care management and the entire data are stored in and maintain in our database and each data is secured by our system. Key workflows in CR is Authorization, Appeals, case management, disease management, member compliance, provider compliance. #Project 4: Grigora (Custom Tool) Environment: Java, JDBC, Spring Framework, MySQL, Eclipse, Tomcat, MySQL Workbench. Roles: Developer.  Project Details: This System is an Exhibit of real time solution to create new user for an application. The System provides interfaces for assigning application specific roles to the user. Additionally, the System allows the user to create workflow template to handle application functionalities.  * TECHINICAL KNOWLEDGE  Programming Languages: Java 7. Web Centric Tech: JDBC Framework: Spring Version 3.2 Database: SQL, MONGO DB IDE: Eclipse Tools: Hp-QC  EDUCATION  MCA in Engineering  Anna University -  Chennai, Tamil Nadu  December 2009  B.SC.  MS University -  Tirunelveli, Tamil Nadu  September 2006  HSC    Sri Kanna Matriculation Higher Secondary School  2006  SSLC  Sri Kanna Matriculation Higher Secondary School  2004
[3533, 3537] Palani S Senior Technology Support Executive at Infosys - Development  Porur, TAMIL NADU, IN - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Palani-S/d3b2e79f56262868  To seek a position in your organization where I can apply my knowledge &amp; creativity, acquire new skills &amp; contribute effectively to the benefit of the organization and also my professional growth.  WORK EXPERIENCE  Senior Technology Support Executive at Infosys  Development -  Chennai, Tamil Nadu -  May 2015 to Present  WORK EXPERINCE • Currently Working as Senior Technology Support Executive at Infosys, Chennai from May 2015 to till date.  Software Engineer  Ampark Solutions Ltd -  October 2012 to July 2014  Job Responsibilities  • Developing Controllers classes in java using Spring 3.2 Framework. • Created and manipulated JDBC connection using DAO Implementation class. • Implemented Business logics using service Implementation class. • Creating Tables and generating Sql Queries. • Testing, installing and monitoring new systems. • Preparing documentation and presenting progress reports to customers. • Knowledge in User Interface development using XML and HTML, Experience in installing, deploying and testing with Application Servers like Tomcat 7.0, Apache 1.3/2.0. • Experience in preparing reports and creating defects in HP QC. • Knowledge in creating Lists, Libraries and and import data from excel to the custom lists in sharepoint site.  PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE #Project 1: Finacle Knowledge Centre (FKC) Environment: C#, SharePoint 2013, SQL 2012 Roles: Development, Client/Server Side Validation &amp; Maintenance.  Project Details: Finacle Knowledge Centre is the re-engineered version of Finacle Help and Support Portal which is dedicated to offer customized support experience to Finacle clients. The solution offers real-time, secure access to Finacle product knowledge and relevant support information's.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Palani-S/d3b2e79f56262868?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   #Project 2: Container Tracking. Environment: Java, JDBC, Spring Framework, SQL, Eclipse, Tomcat. Roles: Developer. Project Details: This System is an Exhibit of real time solution to keep track of containers and make moves print document which considered being the best logistics solution for the client.  #Project 3: Care Radius-Interface Module. Environment: Oracle SQL Developer (Oracle 9i), MS SQL Server 2008 R2, SSIS Packages, MS Office, Service Remedy. Roles: Technical Support. Project Details: It is a complete medical management system, solution developed by EXL landcorp and used by HORIZON for providing end to end member's care management and the entire data are stored in and maintain in our database and each data is secured by our system. Key workflows in CR is Authorization, Appeals, case management, disease management, member compliance, provider compliance. #Project 4: Grigora (Custom Tool) Environment: Java, JDBC, Spring Framework, MySQL, Eclipse, Tomcat, MySQL Workbench. Roles: Developer.  Project Details: This System is an Exhibit of real time solution to create new user for an application. The System provides interfaces for assigning application specific roles to the user. Additionally, the System allows the user to create workflow template to handle application functionalities.  * TECHINICAL KNOWLEDGE  Programming Languages: Java 7. Web Centric Tech: JDBC Framework: Spring Version 3.2 Database: SQL, MONGO DB IDE: Eclipse Tools: Hp-QC  EDUCATION  MCA in Engineering  Anna University -  Chennai, Tamil Nadu  December 2009  B.SC.  MS University -  Tirunelveli, Tamil Nadu  September 2006  HSC    Sri Kanna Matriculation Higher Secondary School  2006  SSLC  Sri Kanna Matriculation Higher Secondary School  2004
[3484, 3499] Palani S Senior Technology Support Executive at Infosys - Development  Porur, TAMIL NADU, IN - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Palani-S/d3b2e79f56262868  To seek a position in your organization where I can apply my knowledge &amp; creativity, acquire new skills &amp; contribute effectively to the benefit of the organization and also my professional growth.  WORK EXPERIENCE  Senior Technology Support Executive at Infosys  Development -  Chennai, Tamil Nadu -  May 2015 to Present  WORK EXPERINCE • Currently Working as Senior Technology Support Executive at Infosys, Chennai from May 2015 to till date.  Software Engineer  Ampark Solutions Ltd -  October 2012 to July 2014  Job Responsibilities  • Developing Controllers classes in java using Spring 3.2 Framework. • Created and manipulated JDBC connection using DAO Implementation class. • Implemented Business logics using service Implementation class. • Creating Tables and generating Sql Queries. • Testing, installing and monitoring new systems. • Preparing documentation and presenting progress reports to customers. • Knowledge in User Interface development using XML and HTML, Experience in installing, deploying and testing with Application Servers like Tomcat 7.0, Apache 1.3/2.0. • Experience in preparing reports and creating defects in HP QC. • Knowledge in creating Lists, Libraries and and import data from excel to the custom lists in sharepoint site.  PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE #Project 1: Finacle Knowledge Centre (FKC) Environment: C#, SharePoint 2013, SQL 2012 Roles: Development, Client/Server Side Validation &amp; Maintenance.  Project Details: Finacle Knowledge Centre is the re-engineered version of Finacle Help and Support Portal which is dedicated to offer customized support experience to Finacle clients. The solution offers real-time, secure access to Finacle product knowledge and relevant support information's.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Palani-S/d3b2e79f56262868?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   #Project 2: Container Tracking. Environment: Java, JDBC, Spring Framework, SQL, Eclipse, Tomcat. Roles: Developer. Project Details: This System is an Exhibit of real time solution to keep track of containers and make moves print document which considered being the best logistics solution for the client.  #Project 3: Care Radius-Interface Module. Environment: Oracle SQL Developer (Oracle 9i), MS SQL Server 2008 R2, SSIS Packages, MS Office, Service Remedy. Roles: Technical Support. Project Details: It is a complete medical management system, solution developed by EXL landcorp and used by HORIZON for providing end to end member's care management and the entire data are stored in and maintain in our database and each data is secured by our system. Key workflows in CR is Authorization, Appeals, case management, disease management, member compliance, provider compliance. #Project 4: Grigora (Custom Tool) Environment: Java, JDBC, Spring Framework, MySQL, Eclipse, Tomcat, MySQL Workbench. Roles: Developer.  Project Details: This System is an Exhibit of real time solution to create new user for an application. The System provides interfaces for assigning application specific roles to the user. Additionally, the System allows the user to create workflow template to handle application functionalities.  * TECHINICAL KNOWLEDGE  Programming Languages: Java 7. Web Centric Tech: JDBC Framework: Spring Version 3.2 Database: SQL, MONGO DB IDE: Eclipse Tools: Hp-QC  EDUCATION  MCA in Engineering  Anna University -  Chennai, Tamil Nadu  December 2009  B.SC.  MS University -  Tirunelveli, Tamil Nadu  September 2006  HSC    Sri Kanna Matriculation Higher Secondary School  2006  SSLC  Sri Kanna Matriculation Higher Secondary School  2004
[554, 561] Palani S Senior Technology Support Executive at Infosys - Development  Porur, TAMIL NADU, IN - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Palani-S/d3b2e79f56262868  To seek a position in your organization where I can apply my knowledge &amp; creativity, acquire new skills &amp; contribute effectively to the benefit of the organization and also my professional growth.  WORK EXPERIENCE  Senior Technology Support Executive at Infosys  Development -  Chennai, Tamil Nadu -  May 2015 to Present  WORK EXPERINCE • Currently Working as Senior Technology Support Executive at Infosys, Chennai from May 2015 to till date.  Software Engineer  Ampark Solutions Ltd -  October 2012 to July 2014  Job Responsibilities  • Developing Controllers classes in java using Spring 3.2 Framework. • Created and manipulated JDBC connection using DAO Implementation class. • Implemented Business logics using service Implementation class. • Creating Tables and generating Sql Queries. • Testing, installing and monitoring new systems. • Preparing documentation and presenting progress reports to customers. • Knowledge in User Interface development using XML and HTML, Experience in installing, deploying and testing with Application Servers like Tomcat 7.0, Apache 1.3/2.0. • Experience in preparing reports and creating defects in HP QC. • Knowledge in creating Lists, Libraries and and import data from excel to the custom lists in sharepoint site.  PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE #Project 1: Finacle Knowledge Centre (FKC) Environment: C#, SharePoint 2013, SQL 2012 Roles: Development, Client/Server Side Validation &amp; Maintenance.  Project Details: Finacle Knowledge Centre is the re-engineered version of Finacle Help and Support Portal which is dedicated to offer customized support experience to Finacle clients. The solution offers real-time, secure access to Finacle product knowledge and relevant support information's.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Palani-S/d3b2e79f56262868?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   #Project 2: Container Tracking. Environment: Java, JDBC, Spring Framework, SQL, Eclipse, Tomcat. Roles: Developer. Project Details: This System is an Exhibit of real time solution to keep track of containers and make moves print document which considered being the best logistics solution for the client.  #Project 3: Care Radius-Interface Module. Environment: Oracle SQL Developer (Oracle 9i), MS SQL Server 2008 R2, SSIS Packages, MS Office, Service Remedy. Roles: Technical Support. Project Details: It is a complete medical management system, solution developed by EXL landcorp and used by HORIZON for providing end to end member's care management and the entire data are stored in and maintain in our database and each data is secured by our system. Key workflows in CR is Authorization, Appeals, case management, disease management, member compliance, provider compliance. #Project 4: Grigora (Custom Tool) Environment: Java, JDBC, Spring Framework, MySQL, Eclipse, Tomcat, MySQL Workbench. Roles: Developer.  Project Details: This System is an Exhibit of real time solution to create new user for an application. The System provides interfaces for assigning application specific roles to the user. Additionally, the System allows the user to create workflow template to handle application functionalities.  * TECHINICAL KNOWLEDGE  Programming Languages: Java 7. Web Centric Tech: JDBC Framework: Spring Version 3.2 Database: SQL, MONGO DB IDE: Eclipse Tools: Hp-QC  EDUCATION  MCA in Engineering  Anna University -  Chennai, Tamil Nadu  December 2009  B.SC.  MS University -  Tirunelveli, Tamil Nadu  September 2006  HSC    Sri Kanna Matriculation Higher Secondary School  2006  SSLC  Sri Kanna Matriculation Higher Secondary School  2004
[515, 550] Palani S Senior Technology Support Executive at Infosys - Development  Porur, TAMIL NADU, IN - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Palani-S/d3b2e79f56262868  To seek a position in your organization where I can apply my knowledge &amp; creativity, acquire new skills &amp; contribute effectively to the benefit of the organization and also my professional growth.  WORK EXPERIENCE  Senior Technology Support Executive at Infosys  Development -  Chennai, Tamil Nadu -  May 2015 to Present  WORK EXPERINCE • Currently Working as Senior Technology Support Executive at Infosys, Chennai from May 2015 to till date.  Software Engineer  Ampark Solutions Ltd -  October 2012 to July 2014  Job Responsibilities  • Developing Controllers classes in java using Spring 3.2 Framework. • Created and manipulated JDBC connection using DAO Implementation class. • Implemented Business logics using service Implementation class. • Creating Tables and generating Sql Queries. • Testing, installing and monitoring new systems. • Preparing documentation and presenting progress reports to customers. • Knowledge in User Interface development using XML and HTML, Experience in installing, deploying and testing with Application Servers like Tomcat 7.0, Apache 1.3/2.0. • Experience in preparing reports and creating defects in HP QC. • Knowledge in creating Lists, Libraries and and import data from excel to the custom lists in sharepoint site.  PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE #Project 1: Finacle Knowledge Centre (FKC) Environment: C#, SharePoint 2013, SQL 2012 Roles: Development, Client/Server Side Validation &amp; Maintenance.  Project Details: Finacle Knowledge Centre is the re-engineered version of Finacle Help and Support Portal which is dedicated to offer customized support experience to Finacle clients. The solution offers real-time, secure access to Finacle product knowledge and relevant support information's.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Palani-S/d3b2e79f56262868?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   #Project 2: Container Tracking. Environment: Java, JDBC, Spring Framework, SQL, Eclipse, Tomcat. Roles: Developer. Project Details: This System is an Exhibit of real time solution to keep track of containers and make moves print document which considered being the best logistics solution for the client.  #Project 3: Care Radius-Interface Module. Environment: Oracle SQL Developer (Oracle 9i), MS SQL Server 2008 R2, SSIS Packages, MS Office, Service Remedy. Roles: Technical Support. Project Details: It is a complete medical management system, solution developed by EXL landcorp and used by HORIZON for providing end to end member's care management and the entire data are stored in and maintain in our database and each data is secured by our system. Key workflows in CR is Authorization, Appeals, case management, disease management, member compliance, provider compliance. #Project 4: Grigora (Custom Tool) Environment: Java, JDBC, Spring Framework, MySQL, Eclipse, Tomcat, MySQL Workbench. Roles: Developer.  Project Details: This System is an Exhibit of real time solution to create new user for an application. The System provides interfaces for assigning application specific roles to the user. Additionally, the System allows the user to create workflow template to handle application functionalities.  * TECHINICAL KNOWLEDGE  Programming Languages: Java 7. Web Centric Tech: JDBC Framework: Spring Version 3.2 Database: SQL, MONGO DB IDE: Eclipse Tools: Hp-QC  EDUCATION  MCA in Engineering  Anna University -  Chennai, Tamil Nadu  December 2009  B.SC.  MS University -  Tirunelveli, Tamil Nadu  September 2006  HSC    Sri Kanna Matriculation Higher Secondary School  2006  SSLC  Sri Kanna Matriculation Higher Secondary School  2004
[409, 416] Palani S Senior Technology Support Executive at Infosys - Development  Porur, TAMIL NADU, IN - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Palani-S/d3b2e79f56262868  To seek a position in your organization where I can apply my knowledge &amp; creativity, acquire new skills &amp; contribute effectively to the benefit of the organization and also my professional growth.  WORK EXPERIENCE  Senior Technology Support Executive at Infosys  Development -  Chennai, Tamil Nadu -  May 2015 to Present  WORK EXPERINCE • Currently Working as Senior Technology Support Executive at Infosys, Chennai from May 2015 to till date.  Software Engineer  Ampark Solutions Ltd -  October 2012 to July 2014  Job Responsibilities  • Developing Controllers classes in java using Spring 3.2 Framework. • Created and manipulated JDBC connection using DAO Implementation class. • Implemented Business logics using service Implementation class. • Creating Tables and generating Sql Queries. • Testing, installing and monitoring new systems. • Preparing documentation and presenting progress reports to customers. • Knowledge in User Interface development using XML and HTML, Experience in installing, deploying and testing with Application Servers like Tomcat 7.0, Apache 1.3/2.0. • Experience in preparing reports and creating defects in HP QC. • Knowledge in creating Lists, Libraries and and import data from excel to the custom lists in sharepoint site.  PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE #Project 1: Finacle Knowledge Centre (FKC) Environment: C#, SharePoint 2013, SQL 2012 Roles: Development, Client/Server Side Validation &amp; Maintenance.  Project Details: Finacle Knowledge Centre is the re-engineered version of Finacle Help and Support Portal which is dedicated to offer customized support experience to Finacle clients. The solution offers real-time, secure access to Finacle product knowledge and relevant support information's.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Palani-S/d3b2e79f56262868?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   #Project 2: Container Tracking. Environment: Java, JDBC, Spring Framework, SQL, Eclipse, Tomcat. Roles: Developer. Project Details: This System is an Exhibit of real time solution to keep track of containers and make moves print document which considered being the best logistics solution for the client.  #Project 3: Care Radius-Interface Module. Environment: Oracle SQL Developer (Oracle 9i), MS SQL Server 2008 R2, SSIS Packages, MS Office, Service Remedy. Roles: Technical Support. Project Details: It is a complete medical management system, solution developed by EXL landcorp and used by HORIZON for providing end to end member's care management and the entire data are stored in and maintain in our database and each data is secured by our system. Key workflows in CR is Authorization, Appeals, case management, disease management, member compliance, provider compliance. #Project 4: Grigora (Custom Tool) Environment: Java, JDBC, Spring Framework, MySQL, Eclipse, Tomcat, MySQL Workbench. Roles: Developer.  Project Details: This System is an Exhibit of real time solution to create new user for an application. The System provides interfaces for assigning application specific roles to the user. Additionally, the System allows the user to create workflow template to handle application functionalities.  * TECHINICAL KNOWLEDGE  Programming Languages: Java 7. Web Centric Tech: JDBC Framework: Spring Version 3.2 Database: SQL, MONGO DB IDE: Eclipse Tools: Hp-QC  EDUCATION  MCA in Engineering  Anna University -  Chennai, Tamil Nadu  December 2009  B.SC.  MS University -  Tirunelveli, Tamil Nadu  September 2006  HSC    Sri Kanna Matriculation Higher Secondary School  2006  SSLC  Sri Kanna Matriculation Higher Secondary School  2004
[370, 405] Palani S Senior Technology Support Executive at Infosys - Development  Porur, TAMIL NADU, IN - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Palani-S/d3b2e79f56262868  To seek a position in your organization where I can apply my knowledge &amp; creativity, acquire new skills &amp; contribute effectively to the benefit of the organization and also my professional growth.  WORK EXPERIENCE  Senior Technology Support Executive at Infosys  Development -  Chennai, Tamil Nadu -  May 2015 to Present  WORK EXPERINCE • Currently Working as Senior Technology Support Executive at Infosys, Chennai from May 2015 to till date.  Software Engineer  Ampark Solutions Ltd -  October 2012 to July 2014  Job Responsibilities  • Developing Controllers classes in java using Spring 3.2 Framework. • Created and manipulated JDBC connection using DAO Implementation class. • Implemented Business logics using service Implementation class. • Creating Tables and generating Sql Queries. • Testing, installing and monitoring new systems. • Preparing documentation and presenting progress reports to customers. • Knowledge in User Interface development using XML and HTML, Experience in installing, deploying and testing with Application Servers like Tomcat 7.0, Apache 1.3/2.0. • Experience in preparing reports and creating defects in HP QC. • Knowledge in creating Lists, Libraries and and import data from excel to the custom lists in sharepoint site.  PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE #Project 1: Finacle Knowledge Centre (FKC) Environment: C#, SharePoint 2013, SQL 2012 Roles: Development, Client/Server Side Validation &amp; Maintenance.  Project Details: Finacle Knowledge Centre is the re-engineered version of Finacle Help and Support Portal which is dedicated to offer customized support experience to Finacle clients. The solution offers real-time, secure access to Finacle product knowledge and relevant support information's.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Palani-S/d3b2e79f56262868?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   #Project 2: Container Tracking. Environment: Java, JDBC, Spring Framework, SQL, Eclipse, Tomcat. Roles: Developer. Project Details: This System is an Exhibit of real time solution to keep track of containers and make moves print document which considered being the best logistics solution for the client.  #Project 3: Care Radius-Interface Module. Environment: Oracle SQL Developer (Oracle 9i), MS SQL Server 2008 R2, SSIS Packages, MS Office, Service Remedy. Roles: Technical Support. Project Details: It is a complete medical management system, solution developed by EXL landcorp and used by HORIZON for providing end to end member's care management and the entire data are stored in and maintain in our database and each data is secured by our system. Key workflows in CR is Authorization, Appeals, case management, disease management, member compliance, provider compliance. #Project 4: Grigora (Custom Tool) Environment: Java, JDBC, Spring Framework, MySQL, Eclipse, Tomcat, MySQL Workbench. Roles: Developer.  Project Details: This System is an Exhibit of real time solution to create new user for an application. The System provides interfaces for assigning application specific roles to the user. Additionally, the System allows the user to create workflow template to handle application functionalities.  * TECHINICAL KNOWLEDGE  Programming Languages: Java 7. Web Centric Tech: JDBC Framework: Spring Version 3.2 Database: SQL, MONGO DB IDE: Eclipse Tools: Hp-QC  EDUCATION  MCA in Engineering  Anna University -  Chennai, Tamil Nadu  December 2009  B.SC.  MS University -  Tirunelveli, Tamil Nadu  September 2006  HSC    Sri Kanna Matriculation Higher Secondary School  2006  SSLC  Sri Kanna Matriculation Higher Secondary School  2004
[2022, 2061] Kavitha K Senior System Engineer - Infosys Limited  Salem, Tamil Nadu - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Kavitha-K/8977ce8ce48bc800  Seeking to work with a software firm, to constantly upgrade my knowledge and utilize my existing skills to benefit the concerned organization  WORK EXPERIENCE  Senior System Engineer  Infosys Limited -  December 2014 to Present  Unix, CA7 scheduler  Infosys Limited -  December 2015 to February 2018  Qlikview Level 1 • Basic knowledge of creating simple dashboards with different Production support style using Qlikview components like List Box, Slider, Buttons, charts and Bookmarks. • Created different types of sheet objects like List boxes, Buttons, Multi box. • Good knowledge of monitoring Qlikview Dashboards • Monitoring Critical dashboards and communicating delay to clients • Involved in Qlikview initial error analysis and the concerned team to trouble shoot the issue • Monitoring Qlikview dashboards from end to end and manually refreshing the tasks if needed • Handling service request for manual refresh of dashboards • Monitoring Qlikview dependent ETL jobs in CA7 job scheduler Level 1 (BI process) • Involved in monitoring batch jobs in CA7 job scheduler • Managing the daily workload based on priorities and maintain SLA's to provide quality services to end users • Responsible for sending daily and weekly reports to the clients • Initial analysis of log files and fixing of environment related issue in ETL Process • Coordinating with concerned team in troubleshooting of major business related issues and sending notification to the clients on timely manner • Responsible for all Process related activities like incident management and change management • Involved in documenting the process, procedures and flow of ETL Process for critical applications • Respond to user service requests and resolving them with in stipulated time • Participated in Incident Management and Problem Management processes for root cause analysis, resolution and reporting  https://www.indeed.com/r/Kavitha-K/8977ce8ce48bc800?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   EDUCATION  Networking, Infosys Limited  Foundation Training Program in Networking  2016  Bachelor of Engineering in Information Technology  REiume Institute of road -  Erode, Tamil Nadu  2014
[962, 1095] Suresh Kanagala Architecture SharePoint/Office 365 /Azure cloud/.Net  Hyderabad, Telangana - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Suresh- Kanagala/04b36892f9d2e2eb  Looking for challenging position  WORK EXPERIENCE  Technical Architect (Manager C2)  -  August 2015 to Present  Senior Professional Technology Analyst  CSC India -  September 2005 to August 2015  Consultant  IBM -  December 2004 to September 2005  Consultant Infosys from Modus Systems -Tester  -  June 2004 to December 2004  Associate consultant  CMC -  July 2003 to June 2004  EDUCATION  Month/Year Format  Tech lead -  Hyderabad, Telangana  September 2016 to May 2017  M.C.A  affiliated college of Andhra University  2002  https://www.indeed.com/r/Suresh-Kanagala/04b36892f9d2e2eb?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN https://www.indeed.com/r/Suresh-Kanagala/04b36892f9d2e2eb?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   B.Sc in Maths, Physics and Computers  Nagarjuna university  1999  SKILLS  .NET (Less than 1 year), ASP (Less than 1 year), DATABASE (Less than 1 year), MS SQL SERVER (Less than 1 year), SQL (Less than 1 year)  LINKS  http://www.linkedin.com/in/sureshkanagala  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Operating Systems Windows and Unix Configuration management tools TFS and VSTS Programming Languages VB, ASP, VB.net, C#, JavaScript, Jquery and Angular JS (Starter), CRM Frontend HTML and .Net Middleware MVC and WCF Database SQL Server and Oracle Content Migration tools Metalogix and Sharegate Automation PowerShell and VSTS  DOMAIN EXPERIENCE Insurance 10 Years Engineering 3 Years Banking 2.5 Years  http://www.linkedin.com/in/sureshkanagala
[1077, 1120] Snehal Jadhav Mumbai, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Snehal-Jadhav/005e1ab800b4cb42  WORK EXPERIENCE  L1 network engineer  Cisco -  Mumbai, Maharashtra -  February 2017 to Present  associated with Cisco on the role of ACESOFTLABS (INDIA) Pvt. Ltd  EDUCATION  HSC  Maharashtra Board  March 2012  SSC  Maharashtra Board  March 2010  B.E in Electronics & Telecommunication  Shivaji University  SKILLS  Architecture (Less than 1 year), BGP (Less than 1 year), DHCP (Less than 1 year), DNS (Less than 1 year), EIGRP (Less than 1 year)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Technical Skills  • Layer 2 Technologies like VTP, VLAN, STP, and RSTP. • OSI Architecture, TCP/IP Module • TCP/UDP, DHCP, DNS • MP-BGP IPv4/IPv6, VPNv4, VPNv6, RT-Filter, IPv6-Multicats. • Access-List, Prefix-List, Distribution List, QOS. • MPLS, L2/L3 VPN. • GRE, IPSec, DMVPN. • FTP-Active/Passive, TFTP. • Configuring and Troubleshooting L2 and L3 Ether channels on Cisco 3550, 3560, 2950 switches. • IP Addressing, VLSM, Summarization, understanding Lease Line and Dedicated Lease Lines.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Snehal-Jadhav/005e1ab800b4cb42?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   • Configuring HSRP, VRRP, GLBP on Cisco Routers and Switches. • VTP & Frame Tagging protocols ISL, Dot1q • NAT, PAT, NAT-T. • Strong skills in Configuring Cisco Routers (ASR901, ASR903, ASR900) using ISIS, OSPF, EIGRP and BGP. A good understanding of working on Small to High E1nd Routers and Switches. • Comprehensive understanding of networking concepts pertaining to LAN, WAN, Security, IT communication, WAN protocols, Networking devices administration and maintenance in multi- platform environments. • Strong hands-on technical knowledge of Microsoft Operating Systems (Network & Desktop), establishing & managing networks, Cisco Routers, Hardware clients & switches. • Expertise in managing medium to large networks with Routers, Switches.
[5471, 5838] Siddhartha Chetri 7 years of experience in IT Network Telecom and Consulting Sector, Business Analysis,Infrastructure.Project Management & Coordination, Change & Incident Management. Good level of understanding of the ITIL framework. Strong hold in Project Management.  Bengaluru, Karnataka - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Siddhartha-Chetri/ f6959d21c6b91bba  A career with a progressive organization that will use my education and abilities in an executive capacity, where that best matches my skills and experience to ensure a positive growth for the organization and self. Seeking challenging assignment in Customer Partner relation, Project/Change Management in Telecom and IT Sector.  WORK EXPERIENCE  Partner Sites Infosys, Concentrix, Merchants and Convergys  Collabera Technologies- Client- Cisco Systems, Inc -  July 2015 to Present  July 2015 - Till Date) • Responsible for ensuring that all our Partner should get the Access Control List in right way and timely manner. • Reporting regular stats on Case management, Infrastructure/Bandwidth utilization. • Handling 4 Partner Sites Infosys, Concentrix, Merchants and Convergys. • Working with different teams in the organization for streamlined output. • SPOC for all the Partner Sites. • Working as a Business Analyst/Project Coordinator in maintaining and delivering record for the project related work. • Driving project/task for a new request from the Partner Site. • To be an integral part of the project/task and help our Partners in achieving their goal. • Preparing process documents and Local Work Instructions (LWI) for the process.  Technology Associate / Incident Management  Magna Infotech- Client- Sapient Consulting -  July 2014 to July 2015  • Responsible for all the Incidents and Server Monitoring. • Generating reports for project and service manager of all the Incidents and Problem tickets. • Analyzing of the price load report for our client in deployment stage. • Resolving of Incidents so that SLA won't be breached. • Running of queries on putty on daily basis for message reprocessing for our client. • Generating Deployment report for the overall item listed on our site for our Client. • Having exceptional interpersonal, verbal and written communication and motivational skills. • Hands on experience on Splunk for checking the logs of all the server.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Siddhartha-Chetri/f6959d21c6b91bba?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN https://www.indeed.com/r/Siddhartha-Chetri/f6959d21c6b91bba?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   • Ability to be results-oriented, a continuous learner, flexible, multi-tasking. • Known tools: Splunk, Remedy, CA Introscope Workstation, TIBCO, Oracle Database.  Project / Service coordinator / Change Consultant  Cable & Wireless Worldwide/ Vodafone Global Shared Services Private Limited -  November 2011 to June 2014  November 2011- June 2014) Project / Service coordinator / Change Consultant • Manage &amp; co-ordinate PSTN Service for M&amp;S (Marks &amp; Spencer), Centrica projects involving Design, Planning phase for all UK Clients. • Expertise in making Project Plans &amp; Requirement Analysis. • Expertise in report generation for different customers their services, circuits, affected servers. • Develop, implement, and maintain the Project management plan, including risk management, communication plan, and QA plan with the help of leads. • Define team member roles and expectations, and ensure timely feedback. • Having exceptional interpersonal, verbal and written communication and motivational skills. • Good knowledge of Business Analysis, Project Coordination process. • Ability to be results-oriented, a continuous learner, flexible, multi-tasking. • Training new colleagues who come into the team. • Hands On experience on Incident, Change Management. • Acknowledging, raising and worked on Incident tickets as well as CRQ request for our clients.  Tools Handled • Remedy 7.6 to update track all the Changes that are going to be affected for our major customers like Airtel, Tawasul, Fatsweb etc. • Preparing Business case with the Project Manager. Previous Organization/Duration/Roles:  iTunes Advisor/ Subject Matter Expert  Aditya Birla Minacs -  August 2010 to November 2011  Manage IT Infrastructure for the entire iTunes Process. • Determine the project approach, staffing, responsibilities, and schedule. • Define team member roles and expectations, and ensure timely feedback. • Ensure that Colleagues receive timely updates on incidents. • Group Policy Management and Implementing Security Policies. • Handling escalations. • Ensuring that team meets CSAT, Quality, Productivity and SLA assigned. • Measure and monitor progress at milestones and ensure delivery as per schedule. • Represent the project team at client meetings and provide project status details.  Responsibilities • Worked as an iTunes Advisor troubleshooting customer problems related to Apple iTunes in timely manner. • Generating reports on customer's request.    • Ensuring that team meets CSAT, Quality, Productivity and SLA assigned. • Group Policy Management and Implementing Security Policies. • In a short period become an SME. • Shown excellence in a very short period. • Ensure that Colleagues receive timely updates on incidents • Handling escalations.  EDUCATION  Bachelor of Computer Application in Computer Application  Administrative Management College Bangalore University -  Bengaluru, Karnataka  2007 to 2010  SKILLS  REMEDY (3 years), CLARIFY (Less than 1 year), EXCEL (Less than 1 year), MS OFFICE (Less than 1 year), OUTLOOK (Less than 1 year)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Skill Set:  • Systems: Windows […] 10) • Software: MS Office (Word, Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint), Clarify, SRMS Remedy V6 (Advanced), Remedy V7.4 (Proficient), Remedy 7.5, MORI, GCD, LOCM, GTOMS, Webex, Smartsheet.  Strengths: • Adaptability • Positive Attitude • Quick learner with ability to learn new concepts, methods and technologies • I believe in my ability to handle any situation • Good customer relation management
[5457, 5461] Siddhartha Chetri 7 years of experience in IT Network Telecom and Consulting Sector, Business Analysis,Infrastructure.Project Management & Coordination, Change & Incident Management. Good level of understanding of the ITIL framework. Strong hold in Project Management.  Bengaluru, Karnataka - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Siddhartha-Chetri/ f6959d21c6b91bba  A career with a progressive organization that will use my education and abilities in an executive capacity, where that best matches my skills and experience to ensure a positive growth for the organization and self. Seeking challenging assignment in Customer Partner relation, Project/Change Management in Telecom and IT Sector.  WORK EXPERIENCE  Partner Sites Infosys, Concentrix, Merchants and Convergys  Collabera Technologies- Client- Cisco Systems, Inc -  July 2015 to Present  July 2015 - Till Date) • Responsible for ensuring that all our Partner should get the Access Control List in right way and timely manner. • Reporting regular stats on Case management, Infrastructure/Bandwidth utilization. • Handling 4 Partner Sites Infosys, Concentrix, Merchants and Convergys. • Working with different teams in the organization for streamlined output. • SPOC for all the Partner Sites. • Working as a Business Analyst/Project Coordinator in maintaining and delivering record for the project related work. • Driving project/task for a new request from the Partner Site. • To be an integral part of the project/task and help our Partners in achieving their goal. • Preparing process documents and Local Work Instructions (LWI) for the process.  Technology Associate / Incident Management  Magna Infotech- Client- Sapient Consulting -  July 2014 to July 2015  • Responsible for all the Incidents and Server Monitoring. • Generating reports for project and service manager of all the Incidents and Problem tickets. • Analyzing of the price load report for our client in deployment stage. • Resolving of Incidents so that SLA won't be breached. • Running of queries on putty on daily basis for message reprocessing for our client. • Generating Deployment report for the overall item listed on our site for our Client. • Having exceptional interpersonal, verbal and written communication and motivational skills. • Hands on experience on Splunk for checking the logs of all the server.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Siddhartha-Chetri/f6959d21c6b91bba?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN https://www.indeed.com/r/Siddhartha-Chetri/f6959d21c6b91bba?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   • Ability to be results-oriented, a continuous learner, flexible, multi-tasking. • Known tools: Splunk, Remedy, CA Introscope Workstation, TIBCO, Oracle Database.  Project / Service coordinator / Change Consultant  Cable & Wireless Worldwide/ Vodafone Global Shared Services Private Limited -  November 2011 to June 2014  November 2011- June 2014) Project / Service coordinator / Change Consultant • Manage &amp; co-ordinate PSTN Service for M&amp;S (Marks &amp; Spencer), Centrica projects involving Design, Planning phase for all UK Clients. • Expertise in making Project Plans &amp; Requirement Analysis. • Expertise in report generation for different customers their services, circuits, affected servers. • Develop, implement, and maintain the Project management plan, including risk management, communication plan, and QA plan with the help of leads. • Define team member roles and expectations, and ensure timely feedback. • Having exceptional interpersonal, verbal and written communication and motivational skills. • Good knowledge of Business Analysis, Project Coordination process. • Ability to be results-oriented, a continuous learner, flexible, multi-tasking. • Training new colleagues who come into the team. • Hands On experience on Incident, Change Management. • Acknowledging, raising and worked on Incident tickets as well as CRQ request for our clients.  Tools Handled • Remedy 7.6 to update track all the Changes that are going to be affected for our major customers like Airtel, Tawasul, Fatsweb etc. • Preparing Business case with the Project Manager. Previous Organization/Duration/Roles:  iTunes Advisor/ Subject Matter Expert  Aditya Birla Minacs -  August 2010 to November 2011  Manage IT Infrastructure for the entire iTunes Process. • Determine the project approach, staffing, responsibilities, and schedule. • Define team member roles and expectations, and ensure timely feedback. • Ensure that Colleagues receive timely updates on incidents. • Group Policy Management and Implementing Security Policies. • Handling escalations. • Ensuring that team meets CSAT, Quality, Productivity and SLA assigned. • Measure and monitor progress at milestones and ensure delivery as per schedule. • Represent the project team at client meetings and provide project status details.  Responsibilities • Worked as an iTunes Advisor troubleshooting customer problems related to Apple iTunes in timely manner. • Generating reports on customer's request.    • Ensuring that team meets CSAT, Quality, Productivity and SLA assigned. • Group Policy Management and Implementing Security Policies. • In a short period become an SME. • Shown excellence in a very short period. • Ensure that Colleagues receive timely updates on incidents • Handling escalations.  EDUCATION  Bachelor of Computer Application in Computer Application  Administrative Management College Bangalore University -  Bengaluru, Karnataka  2007 to 2010  SKILLS  REMEDY (3 years), CLARIFY (Less than 1 year), EXCEL (Less than 1 year), MS OFFICE (Less than 1 year), OUTLOOK (Less than 1 year)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Skill Set:  • Systems: Windows […] 10) • Software: MS Office (Word, Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint), Clarify, SRMS Remedy V6 (Advanced), Remedy V7.4 (Proficient), Remedy 7.5, MORI, GCD, LOCM, GTOMS, Webex, Smartsheet.  Strengths: • Adaptability • Positive Attitude • Quick learner with ability to learn new concepts, methods and technologies • I believe in my ability to handle any situation • Good customer relation management
[5369, 5423] Siddhartha Chetri 7 years of experience in IT Network Telecom and Consulting Sector, Business Analysis,Infrastructure.Project Management & Coordination, Change & Incident Management. Good level of understanding of the ITIL framework. Strong hold in Project Management.  Bengaluru, Karnataka - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Siddhartha-Chetri/ f6959d21c6b91bba  A career with a progressive organization that will use my education and abilities in an executive capacity, where that best matches my skills and experience to ensure a positive growth for the organization and self. Seeking challenging assignment in Customer Partner relation, Project/Change Management in Telecom and IT Sector.  WORK EXPERIENCE  Partner Sites Infosys, Concentrix, Merchants and Convergys  Collabera Technologies- Client- Cisco Systems, Inc -  July 2015 to Present  July 2015 - Till Date) • Responsible for ensuring that all our Partner should get the Access Control List in right way and timely manner. • Reporting regular stats on Case management, Infrastructure/Bandwidth utilization. • Handling 4 Partner Sites Infosys, Concentrix, Merchants and Convergys. • Working with different teams in the organization for streamlined output. • SPOC for all the Partner Sites. • Working as a Business Analyst/Project Coordinator in maintaining and delivering record for the project related work. • Driving project/task for a new request from the Partner Site. • To be an integral part of the project/task and help our Partners in achieving their goal. • Preparing process documents and Local Work Instructions (LWI) for the process.  Technology Associate / Incident Management  Magna Infotech- Client- Sapient Consulting -  July 2014 to July 2015  • Responsible for all the Incidents and Server Monitoring. • Generating reports for project and service manager of all the Incidents and Problem tickets. • Analyzing of the price load report for our client in deployment stage. • Resolving of Incidents so that SLA won't be breached. • Running of queries on putty on daily basis for message reprocessing for our client. • Generating Deployment report for the overall item listed on our site for our Client. • Having exceptional interpersonal, verbal and written communication and motivational skills. • Hands on experience on Splunk for checking the logs of all the server.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Siddhartha-Chetri/f6959d21c6b91bba?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN https://www.indeed.com/r/Siddhartha-Chetri/f6959d21c6b91bba?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   • Ability to be results-oriented, a continuous learner, flexible, multi-tasking. • Known tools: Splunk, Remedy, CA Introscope Workstation, TIBCO, Oracle Database.  Project / Service coordinator / Change Consultant  Cable & Wireless Worldwide/ Vodafone Global Shared Services Private Limited -  November 2011 to June 2014  November 2011- June 2014) Project / Service coordinator / Change Consultant • Manage &amp; co-ordinate PSTN Service for M&amp;S (Marks &amp; Spencer), Centrica projects involving Design, Planning phase for all UK Clients. • Expertise in making Project Plans &amp; Requirement Analysis. • Expertise in report generation for different customers their services, circuits, affected servers. • Develop, implement, and maintain the Project management plan, including risk management, communication plan, and QA plan with the help of leads. • Define team member roles and expectations, and ensure timely feedback. • Having exceptional interpersonal, verbal and written communication and motivational skills. • Good knowledge of Business Analysis, Project Coordination process. • Ability to be results-oriented, a continuous learner, flexible, multi-tasking. • Training new colleagues who come into the team. • Hands On experience on Incident, Change Management. • Acknowledging, raising and worked on Incident tickets as well as CRQ request for our clients.  Tools Handled • Remedy 7.6 to update track all the Changes that are going to be affected for our major customers like Airtel, Tawasul, Fatsweb etc. • Preparing Business case with the Project Manager. Previous Organization/Duration/Roles:  iTunes Advisor/ Subject Matter Expert  Aditya Birla Minacs -  August 2010 to November 2011  Manage IT Infrastructure for the entire iTunes Process. • Determine the project approach, staffing, responsibilities, and schedule. • Define team member roles and expectations, and ensure timely feedback. • Ensure that Colleagues receive timely updates on incidents. • Group Policy Management and Implementing Security Policies. • Handling escalations. • Ensuring that team meets CSAT, Quality, Productivity and SLA assigned. • Measure and monitor progress at milestones and ensure delivery as per schedule. • Represent the project team at client meetings and provide project status details.  Responsibilities • Worked as an iTunes Advisor troubleshooting customer problems related to Apple iTunes in timely manner. • Generating reports on customer's request.    • Ensuring that team meets CSAT, Quality, Productivity and SLA assigned. • Group Policy Management and Implementing Security Policies. • In a short period become an SME. • Shown excellence in a very short period. • Ensure that Colleagues receive timely updates on incidents • Handling escalations.  EDUCATION  Bachelor of Computer Application in Computer Application  Administrative Management College Bangalore University -  Bengaluru, Karnataka  2007 to 2010  SKILLS  REMEDY (3 years), CLARIFY (Less than 1 year), EXCEL (Less than 1 year), MS OFFICE (Less than 1 year), OUTLOOK (Less than 1 year)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Skill Set:  • Systems: Windows […] 10) • Software: MS Office (Word, Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint), Clarify, SRMS Remedy V6 (Advanced), Remedy V7.4 (Proficient), Remedy 7.5, MORI, GCD, LOCM, GTOMS, Webex, Smartsheet.  Strengths: • Adaptability • Positive Attitude • Quick learner with ability to learn new concepts, methods and technologies • I believe in my ability to handle any situation • Good customer relation management
[5312, 5367] Siddhartha Chetri 7 years of experience in IT Network Telecom and Consulting Sector, Business Analysis,Infrastructure.Project Management & Coordination, Change & Incident Management. Good level of understanding of the ITIL framework. Strong hold in Project Management.  Bengaluru, Karnataka - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Siddhartha-Chetri/ f6959d21c6b91bba  A career with a progressive organization that will use my education and abilities in an executive capacity, where that best matches my skills and experience to ensure a positive growth for the organization and self. Seeking challenging assignment in Customer Partner relation, Project/Change Management in Telecom and IT Sector.  WORK EXPERIENCE  Partner Sites Infosys, Concentrix, Merchants and Convergys  Collabera Technologies- Client- Cisco Systems, Inc -  July 2015 to Present  July 2015 - Till Date) • Responsible for ensuring that all our Partner should get the Access Control List in right way and timely manner. • Reporting regular stats on Case management, Infrastructure/Bandwidth utilization. • Handling 4 Partner Sites Infosys, Concentrix, Merchants and Convergys. • Working with different teams in the organization for streamlined output. • SPOC for all the Partner Sites. • Working as a Business Analyst/Project Coordinator in maintaining and delivering record for the project related work. • Driving project/task for a new request from the Partner Site. • To be an integral part of the project/task and help our Partners in achieving their goal. • Preparing process documents and Local Work Instructions (LWI) for the process.  Technology Associate / Incident Management  Magna Infotech- Client- Sapient Consulting -  July 2014 to July 2015  • Responsible for all the Incidents and Server Monitoring. • Generating reports for project and service manager of all the Incidents and Problem tickets. • Analyzing of the price load report for our client in deployment stage. • Resolving of Incidents so that SLA won't be breached. • Running of queries on putty on daily basis for message reprocessing for our client. • Generating Deployment report for the overall item listed on our site for our Client. • Having exceptional interpersonal, verbal and written communication and motivational skills. • Hands on experience on Splunk for checking the logs of all the server.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Siddhartha-Chetri/f6959d21c6b91bba?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN https://www.indeed.com/r/Siddhartha-Chetri/f6959d21c6b91bba?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   • Ability to be results-oriented, a continuous learner, flexible, multi-tasking. • Known tools: Splunk, Remedy, CA Introscope Workstation, TIBCO, Oracle Database.  Project / Service coordinator / Change Consultant  Cable & Wireless Worldwide/ Vodafone Global Shared Services Private Limited -  November 2011 to June 2014  November 2011- June 2014) Project / Service coordinator / Change Consultant • Manage &amp; co-ordinate PSTN Service for M&amp;S (Marks &amp; Spencer), Centrica projects involving Design, Planning phase for all UK Clients. • Expertise in making Project Plans &amp; Requirement Analysis. • Expertise in report generation for different customers their services, circuits, affected servers. • Develop, implement, and maintain the Project management plan, including risk management, communication plan, and QA plan with the help of leads. • Define team member roles and expectations, and ensure timely feedback. • Having exceptional interpersonal, verbal and written communication and motivational skills. • Good knowledge of Business Analysis, Project Coordination process. • Ability to be results-oriented, a continuous learner, flexible, multi-tasking. • Training new colleagues who come into the team. • Hands On experience on Incident, Change Management. • Acknowledging, raising and worked on Incident tickets as well as CRQ request for our clients.  Tools Handled • Remedy 7.6 to update track all the Changes that are going to be affected for our major customers like Airtel, Tawasul, Fatsweb etc. • Preparing Business case with the Project Manager. Previous Organization/Duration/Roles:  iTunes Advisor/ Subject Matter Expert  Aditya Birla Minacs -  August 2010 to November 2011  Manage IT Infrastructure for the entire iTunes Process. • Determine the project approach, staffing, responsibilities, and schedule. • Define team member roles and expectations, and ensure timely feedback. • Ensure that Colleagues receive timely updates on incidents. • Group Policy Management and Implementing Security Policies. • Handling escalations. • Ensuring that team meets CSAT, Quality, Productivity and SLA assigned. • Measure and monitor progress at milestones and ensure delivery as per schedule. • Represent the project team at client meetings and provide project status details.  Responsibilities • Worked as an iTunes Advisor troubleshooting customer problems related to Apple iTunes in timely manner. • Generating reports on customer's request.    • Ensuring that team meets CSAT, Quality, Productivity and SLA assigned. • Group Policy Management and Implementing Security Policies. • In a short period become an SME. • Shown excellence in a very short period. • Ensure that Colleagues receive timely updates on incidents • Handling escalations.  EDUCATION  Bachelor of Computer Application in Computer Application  Administrative Management College Bangalore University -  Bengaluru, Karnataka  2007 to 2010  SKILLS  REMEDY (3 years), CLARIFY (Less than 1 year), EXCEL (Less than 1 year), MS OFFICE (Less than 1 year), OUTLOOK (Less than 1 year)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Skill Set:  • Systems: Windows […] 10) • Software: MS Office (Word, Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint), Clarify, SRMS Remedy V6 (Advanced), Remedy V7.4 (Proficient), Remedy 7.5, MORI, GCD, LOCM, GTOMS, Webex, Smartsheet.  Strengths: • Adaptability • Positive Attitude • Quick learner with ability to learn new concepts, methods and technologies • I believe in my ability to handle any situation • Good customer relation management
[4215, 4219] Siddhartha Chetri 7 years of experience in IT Network Telecom and Consulting Sector, Business Analysis,Infrastructure.Project Management & Coordination, Change & Incident Management. Good level of understanding of the ITIL framework. Strong hold in Project Management.  Bengaluru, Karnataka - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Siddhartha-Chetri/ f6959d21c6b91bba  A career with a progressive organization that will use my education and abilities in an executive capacity, where that best matches my skills and experience to ensure a positive growth for the organization and self. Seeking challenging assignment in Customer Partner relation, Project/Change Management in Telecom and IT Sector.  WORK EXPERIENCE  Partner Sites Infosys, Concentrix, Merchants and Convergys  Collabera Technologies- Client- Cisco Systems, Inc -  July 2015 to Present  July 2015 - Till Date) • Responsible for ensuring that all our Partner should get the Access Control List in right way and timely manner. • Reporting regular stats on Case management, Infrastructure/Bandwidth utilization. • Handling 4 Partner Sites Infosys, Concentrix, Merchants and Convergys. • Working with different teams in the organization for streamlined output. • SPOC for all the Partner Sites. • Working as a Business Analyst/Project Coordinator in maintaining and delivering record for the project related work. • Driving project/task for a new request from the Partner Site. • To be an integral part of the project/task and help our Partners in achieving their goal. • Preparing process documents and Local Work Instructions (LWI) for the process.  Technology Associate / Incident Management  Magna Infotech- Client- Sapient Consulting -  July 2014 to July 2015  • Responsible for all the Incidents and Server Monitoring. • Generating reports for project and service manager of all the Incidents and Problem tickets. • Analyzing of the price load report for our client in deployment stage. • Resolving of Incidents so that SLA won't be breached. • Running of queries on putty on daily basis for message reprocessing for our client. • Generating Deployment report for the overall item listed on our site for our Client. • Having exceptional interpersonal, verbal and written communication and motivational skills. • Hands on experience on Splunk for checking the logs of all the server.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Siddhartha-Chetri/f6959d21c6b91bba?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN https://www.indeed.com/r/Siddhartha-Chetri/f6959d21c6b91bba?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   • Ability to be results-oriented, a continuous learner, flexible, multi-tasking. • Known tools: Splunk, Remedy, CA Introscope Workstation, TIBCO, Oracle Database.  Project / Service coordinator / Change Consultant  Cable & Wireless Worldwide/ Vodafone Global Shared Services Private Limited -  November 2011 to June 2014  November 2011- June 2014) Project / Service coordinator / Change Consultant • Manage &amp; co-ordinate PSTN Service for M&amp;S (Marks &amp; Spencer), Centrica projects involving Design, Planning phase for all UK Clients. • Expertise in making Project Plans &amp; Requirement Analysis. • Expertise in report generation for different customers their services, circuits, affected servers. • Develop, implement, and maintain the Project management plan, including risk management, communication plan, and QA plan with the help of leads. • Define team member roles and expectations, and ensure timely feedback. • Having exceptional interpersonal, verbal and written communication and motivational skills. • Good knowledge of Business Analysis, Project Coordination process. • Ability to be results-oriented, a continuous learner, flexible, multi-tasking. • Training new colleagues who come into the team. • Hands On experience on Incident, Change Management. • Acknowledging, raising and worked on Incident tickets as well as CRQ request for our clients.  Tools Handled • Remedy 7.6 to update track all the Changes that are going to be affected for our major customers like Airtel, Tawasul, Fatsweb etc. • Preparing Business case with the Project Manager. Previous Organization/Duration/Roles:  iTunes Advisor/ Subject Matter Expert  Aditya Birla Minacs -  August 2010 to November 2011  Manage IT Infrastructure for the entire iTunes Process. • Determine the project approach, staffing, responsibilities, and schedule. • Define team member roles and expectations, and ensure timely feedback. • Ensure that Colleagues receive timely updates on incidents. • Group Policy Management and Implementing Security Policies. • Handling escalations. • Ensuring that team meets CSAT, Quality, Productivity and SLA assigned. • Measure and monitor progress at milestones and ensure delivery as per schedule. • Represent the project team at client meetings and provide project status details.  Responsibilities • Worked as an iTunes Advisor troubleshooting customer problems related to Apple iTunes in timely manner. • Generating reports on customer's request.    • Ensuring that team meets CSAT, Quality, Productivity and SLA assigned. • Group Policy Management and Implementing Security Policies. • In a short period become an SME. • Shown excellence in a very short period. • Ensure that Colleagues receive timely updates on incidents • Handling escalations.  EDUCATION  Bachelor of Computer Application in Computer Application  Administrative Management College Bangalore University -  Bengaluru, Karnataka  2007 to 2010  SKILLS  REMEDY (3 years), CLARIFY (Less than 1 year), EXCEL (Less than 1 year), MS OFFICE (Less than 1 year), OUTLOOK (Less than 1 year)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Skill Set:  • Systems: Windows […] 10) • Software: MS Office (Word, Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint), Clarify, SRMS Remedy V6 (Advanced), Remedy V7.4 (Proficient), Remedy 7.5, MORI, GCD, LOCM, GTOMS, Webex, Smartsheet.  Strengths: • Adaptability • Positive Attitude • Quick learner with ability to learn new concepts, methods and technologies • I believe in my ability to handle any situation • Good customer relation management
[2211, 2254] Senthil Kumar Senior Technical Lead - HCL Cisco  - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Senthil-Kumar/d9d82865dd38d449  • Result oriented Networking Professional with 11 years' experience in testing network products diversified skills includes testing ACI SDN fabric, UCSD orchestration, Routing and Switching: design, deploy and troubleshoot customer network • Extensive knowledge of Testing and Deploying network test plans, protocols, Strategies and Lab Setup. • In-depth knowledge of ACI fabric, Routing and switching protocols • Proven communication skills and the ability to troubleshoot and solve network issues • Skilled in providing support in various networking testing activities to provide effective support and handling of customer escalation and for ensuring timely and effective support  WORK EXPERIENCE  Senior Technical Lead  HCL Cisco -  Bengaluru, Karnataka -  October 2015 to Present  Project Title: Feature testing and Deployment on ACI fabric for Cisco IT and UCSD  • ACI Fabric deployment in single POD and Multi-POD environment • Deployed Cisco ACI Multi-Site Controller with ACI fabric for Testing stretched EPG's between Data centers • Deployed Cisco IT replica Setup in Local Lab • Handling Cisco IT customer network and pre-deployment of image testing before handing to CISCO IT Customer • End to end testing of Cisco IT test bed, upgrade and downgrade of Various images • Configured SDN Controller (APIC) Decommissioned and Commissioned in Cluster • Configured UCS manager • APIC upgrade downgrade, Cisco Nexus 9k leaf spine downgrade upgrade testing. • Bring up ACI leaf and spine fabric with UCS fabric interconnect • Implementation of VMware DVS and Cisco AVS in Esxi host and tested the AVS functionality • Tested redundancy testing on leaf, spine and fabric interconnect • Communicated inconsistencies between System Specifications and Test Results to development and/or analyst team • Involved in Defect Review meetings escalating and prioritizing issues effectively • Experience in implementation of VMware Infrastructure 5.5 / 6.0 • Managed Virtualization environment using VMware EXI 5.5/6.0, Vcenter 5.5/6.0 • Creating and Managing virtual machines and Templates  https://www.indeed.com/r/Senthil-Kumar/d9d82865dd38d449?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   • Migration of VM using Vmotion between Clusters • Configured Windows iSCSI SAN and integrated to VMware • Testing Cisco APIC with UCSD integration with Multi Site Controller  Technical Lead  Aricent Cisco -  July 2012 to September 2015  Client Cisco Systems Project Title: Feature testing and Deployment on CISCO CARRIER PACKET TRANSPORT  • Worked on EFT with Bharti Telecom and China Telecom Demo for 9.7 rings features • Conducting the Dev-test activities for CTP for Rings 9.7 feature. Bring up new setup, • Written test cases for CPT 50 Ring feature to test REP and also to validate MPLS TP and P2MP EVC • Tested MPLS TP, single segment and multi-segment Pseudowire, P2MP EVC, REP features. • Tested EVC P2MP type on that carried out Single tag, Double tab of 802.1q and Dot1ad • Based on Cisco Resilient Ethernet Protocol feature CPT 9.7 testing is carried out. • Created open and closed end segment for REP topology and tested Rings CTP 9.7 feature • Tested Mac learning, aging, flushing and limiting features • Tested multiple frame size and JUMBO frame verification with MPLS TP • Tested Link Aggregation verification with MPLS TP • Tested Memory Backup verification with fully loaded CPT configuration • Hardware redundant Plug in and Plug out Circuit Pack test and High availability testing for CTP 600 • Network Protection verification testing with MPLS TP working LSP and Protected LSP • Tested DHCP Snooping • Tested EVC P2MP type on that carried out Single tag, Double tab of 802.1q and Dot1ad • Tested Mac learning, aging and limiting features • Supporting customer queries for the product  Technical Lead  Aricent Group -  December 2011 to June 2012  Client KeyMile Germany  • Conducting the Dev-test activities for Eth-Sys series switch. Bring up new setup, preparation of FT test plan, derive test estimate for the Release. • Tested the various images submitted by release -ops team • Carried out manual testing on Vlan 802.1Q ( Mac aging, Mac flooding, Tag and untag) using SNMP mib browser and Aricent ISS • Written test cases for RSTP and MSTP features and tested it. • Debug the failures by configuring the test bed manually and filing the defects  Technical Lead (HCL)    Client Cisco Systems -  January 2010 to December 2011  Cisco 12000 Gigabit Switching Router)  • Performed the Role of Technical lead for a team member size of 4 • Test the various images submitted by release -ops team • Carried out manual testing of Connection Server (HSRP) and OSPF features to verify the functionality • Tested OSPF point to point and Broadcast network • Bring up new setup, prepare test plan, derive test cases and execute the test cases • Debug the failures by configuring the test bed manually and filing the defects • Interact & co-ordinate with Dev-test and Development team to review the CFD's and script coverage. • Find defects through manual testing and verify the defects • Analyze both internal and externally found defects and come up with a plan to reduce the defects missed out in the scripts.  Test Lead (HCL)  Client Cisco Systems -  May 2007 to December 2011  Virtualization)  • Performed the Role of lead for a team member size of 5 • Image testing on ACE module and ACE 4710 Appliance. • Coordinating with onsite/offsite teams in resolving the defects found when performing Testing. • Given white paper & Presentation document in ACE High Availability and Securing ACE 4710 with ACS server • Test Plan writing, reviewing and planning test strategies. • Peer to Peer Reviews to avoid Post Delivery Defects • Lab Test Bed creation and Infrastructure Maintenance • Configured High Availability of ACE Module, ACE Appliance and ANM Servers • Configured End to End traffic Load balancing of Data center using the ACE 4710, ACE module and CSM devices • Deployed different topologies NAT, Routed and Bridged for End to End traffic Load balancing of Data center  Lab Administrator  HCL Cisco -  Chennai, Tamil Nadu -  May 2003 to June 2007  Key responsibility is to perform CISCO Network LAB Administration    EDUCATION  B.Tech in Computer Science in Computer Science  Dr MGR University Chennai -  Chennai, Tamil Nadu  SKILLS  CPT (3 years), Data Center (4 years), Ethernet (3 years), testing (10+ years), Virtualization (7 years)  LINKS  http://www.linkedin.com/in/senthil-kumar-9600101b  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Skills  Virtualization VMware-VSphere, DVS, Cisco AVS, Cisco ACE  SDN Cisco Application Centric Infrastructure (ACI)  L2/L3 Protocols OSPF, EIGRP, MPLS, VLAN, VXLAN, STP, RSTP, VPC  Metro Ethernet Protocols Carrier Ethernet protocols EVC, MPLS TP, PsudoWire, REP  Traffic Generation Tools Traffic tools IXIA Iexplore and Smart Bit  Testing Tools Wireshark and MIB Browser  Network Products Cisco SDN ACI Fabric VMWare 5.5 and 6.0 Cisco UCSD Orchestration Carrier Ethernet devices (CPT […] Cisco Metro Ethernet 2600 Cisco routers GSR 12000, 7600 Data center Virtualization using the ACE Nexus 5k and ACI 9K switches Cat 6500 and 3550 Switches  http://www.linkedin.com/in/senthil-kumar-9600101b
[4068, 4069] Shreyanshu Gupta Software Development Engineer with 6 months of experience in Java, C, Velocity, Web Development at Amazon Development Centre.  Bangalore, Karnataka - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Shreyanshu- Gupta/6bd08d76c29d63c7  Self-Motivated and Hardworking Computer Science student seeking to apply my skills and in the process, develop professionally.  Willing to relocate: Anywhere  WORK EXPERIENCE  Software Development Engineer  Amazon  Interned at Amazon Development Centre for 6 months 2017  Projects did during Internship  • Blog Migration from TypePad to Amazon - Amazon owns a blog omnivoracious.com which is used to improve the book sales in amazon.com. It was recently hosted in a 3rd party blogging platform TypePad. - The project required to find a platform which satisfies all the requirements and transfer all TypePad content to the Amazon-owned platform maintaining the functionalities and compatibility. - Used Velocity Templating Language, Java, Amazon Tools and Many Blogging Platforms. • Mobile Widget Disparity - Due to some recent changes in Amazon configuration, there was a content disparity between book description of mobile and desktop in millions of products. - The project required to find the reason for disparity and then find a solution that doesn’t affect other features & is also expandable. - Used Java, configuration files, and Amazon Tools. • Physical to Amazon Video Conversion - To promote Amazon Video Over Physical Video source (DVD, Blu Ray), certain features were created like Popup Window and messages above Add to Cart button. - This project required to create UI for each of the features and check whether it satisfies all the criteria. - Used Java, JSP, configuration files and bean creation.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Shreyanshu-Gupta/6bd08d76c29d63c7?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN https://www.indeed.com/r/Shreyanshu-Gupta/6bd08d76c29d63c7?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   EDUCATION  B.Tech in Computer Science  Kalinga Institute of Industrial Technology  July 2013 to April 2017  SKILLS  ANDROID (Less than 1 year), Git (Less than 1 year), HTML (Less than 1 year), PHP (Less than 1 year), SQL (Less than 1 year), Java (Less than 1 year), C, Velocity (Less than 1 year), C++, Database Management (Less than 1 year)  LINKS  https://www.linkedin.com/in/shreyanshu-gupta-135176103/  CERTIFICATIONS/LICENSES  Online Content Writer  July 2016 to Present  Was Online Content Writer for Greymeter.com.  Android Application Development  June 2015 to Present  Learned to create basic Android Apps using Eclipse and Android Studio.  PUBLICATIONS  Blog Migration from TypePad to Amazon  https://www.amazonbookreview.com  July 2017  Amazon owns a blog amazonbookreview.com which is used to improve the book sales in amazon.com. It was recently hosted in a 3rd party blogging platform TypePad. - The project required to find a platform which satisfies all the requirements and transfer all TypePad content to the Amazon owned platform while maintaining its functionalities and compatibility. - Used Velocity Templating Language, Java, Amazon Tools and Many Blogging Platforms.  Mobile Widget Disparity  July 2017  https://www.linkedin.com/in/shreyanshu-gupta-135176103/ https://www.amazonbookreview.com   - Due to some recent changes in Amazon configuration files, there was content disparity between book description of mobile and desktop in millions of products. - The project required to find the reason for disparity and then find a solution that doesn’t affect other features & is also expandable. - Used Java, configuration files and Amazon Tools.  Physical to Amazon Video Conversion  July 2017  - To promote Amazon Video Over Physical Video source (DVD, Blu Ray), certain features were created like Popup Window and messages above Add to Cart button. - This project required to create UI for each of the features and check whether it satisfies all the criteria. - Used Java, JSP, configuration files and bean creation  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  TECHNICAL SKILLS  * Programming language: C, SQL, Core Java, Android, Velocity * Web Development - PHP, Basic knowledge of HTML * Basic knowledge of GIT Version Control System
[3813, 3814] Shreyanshu Gupta Software Development Engineer with 6 months of experience in Java, C, Velocity, Web Development at Amazon Development Centre.  Bangalore, Karnataka - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Shreyanshu- Gupta/6bd08d76c29d63c7  Self-Motivated and Hardworking Computer Science student seeking to apply my skills and in the process, develop professionally.  Willing to relocate: Anywhere  WORK EXPERIENCE  Software Development Engineer  Amazon  Interned at Amazon Development Centre for 6 months 2017  Projects did during Internship  • Blog Migration from TypePad to Amazon - Amazon owns a blog omnivoracious.com which is used to improve the book sales in amazon.com. It was recently hosted in a 3rd party blogging platform TypePad. - The project required to find a platform which satisfies all the requirements and transfer all TypePad content to the Amazon-owned platform maintaining the functionalities and compatibility. - Used Velocity Templating Language, Java, Amazon Tools and Many Blogging Platforms. • Mobile Widget Disparity - Due to some recent changes in Amazon configuration, there was a content disparity between book description of mobile and desktop in millions of products. - The project required to find the reason for disparity and then find a solution that doesn’t affect other features & is also expandable. - Used Java, configuration files, and Amazon Tools. • Physical to Amazon Video Conversion - To promote Amazon Video Over Physical Video source (DVD, Blu Ray), certain features were created like Popup Window and messages above Add to Cart button. - This project required to create UI for each of the features and check whether it satisfies all the criteria. - Used Java, JSP, configuration files and bean creation.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Shreyanshu-Gupta/6bd08d76c29d63c7?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN https://www.indeed.com/r/Shreyanshu-Gupta/6bd08d76c29d63c7?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   EDUCATION  B.Tech in Computer Science  Kalinga Institute of Industrial Technology  July 2013 to April 2017  SKILLS  ANDROID (Less than 1 year), Git (Less than 1 year), HTML (Less than 1 year), PHP (Less than 1 year), SQL (Less than 1 year), Java (Less than 1 year), C, Velocity (Less than 1 year), C++, Database Management (Less than 1 year)  LINKS  https://www.linkedin.com/in/shreyanshu-gupta-135176103/  CERTIFICATIONS/LICENSES  Online Content Writer  July 2016 to Present  Was Online Content Writer for Greymeter.com.  Android Application Development  June 2015 to Present  Learned to create basic Android Apps using Eclipse and Android Studio.  PUBLICATIONS  Blog Migration from TypePad to Amazon  https://www.amazonbookreview.com  July 2017  Amazon owns a blog amazonbookreview.com which is used to improve the book sales in amazon.com. It was recently hosted in a 3rd party blogging platform TypePad. - The project required to find a platform which satisfies all the requirements and transfer all TypePad content to the Amazon owned platform while maintaining its functionalities and compatibility. - Used Velocity Templating Language, Java, Amazon Tools and Many Blogging Platforms.  Mobile Widget Disparity  July 2017  https://www.linkedin.com/in/shreyanshu-gupta-135176103/ https://www.amazonbookreview.com   - Due to some recent changes in Amazon configuration files, there was content disparity between book description of mobile and desktop in millions of products. - The project required to find the reason for disparity and then find a solution that doesn’t affect other features & is also expandable. - Used Java, configuration files and Amazon Tools.  Physical to Amazon Video Conversion  July 2017  - To promote Amazon Video Over Physical Video source (DVD, Blu Ray), certain features were created like Popup Window and messages above Add to Cart button. - This project required to create UI for each of the features and check whether it satisfies all the criteria. - Used Java, JSP, configuration files and bean creation  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  TECHNICAL SKILLS  * Programming language: C, SQL, Core Java, Android, Velocity * Web Development - PHP, Basic knowledge of HTML * Basic knowledge of GIT Version Control System
[1334, 1377] Raktim Podder 6+ Exp in banking operations and credit assessment  Pune, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Raktim-Podder/32472fc557546084  Willing to relocate: Anywhere  WORK EXPERIENCE  SME  TCS  Tata Consultancy Services: Project TELSTRA (AUSTRALIA) Sr Process Executive SME: Telecom Business Case Management. Technical support to the onsite engineers. Dealers support function. Emails regarding connection escalations. Tech implementations in telecom. Looking after the day to day business production. Team management: Handling a team of 18 FTE’s Daily rostering One on one’s Performance management. Communicating process updates. WFM EOD reporting on team performance. Huddles and catch-up’s System access request for new joiners. Providing training to new joiners. Conflict management. Business performance reporting. Network setup and network access management as per requirement. Testing line and networking working capacity for minimal disruption. Setting up wireless channels for customers. Providing one stop solution for escalations from customers. Looking over the B2B connection setup of customers. Exception Management: Telstra Digital Case management Order built Escalations handling.  CCSS Rep  HSBC Electronic Data Processing India Pvt -  Bengaluru, Karnataka -  August 2014 to November 2016  https://www.indeed.com/r/Raktim-Podder/32472fc557546084?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   HSBC: UK onboarding and KYC Customer Relationship Management and on boarding: Setting up and checking KYC documents. National ID Address proofs Income proofs Addition security for additional credits. Credit scoring report from external credit rating agencies in UK. Calling the customer and informing the current status of the process. Asking for additional documentation if required. Interviewing the customer for understanding his/her portfolio. Uploading documents and creating profile in BMM and sending for approval. Liaising with branch and credit control for additional requirements and if needed execution of those requirements. Volume of production or volume of documentation forecasting based on the current sales and branch production: Liaising with branch to understand the volume. Liaising with sales to under the targets and performance ratio to determine the incoming CRM volume. Determining if there is a dip in CRM production or rise based on: Volume comparison and trend analysis reporting to the higher managements. Weekly/ Monthly / Quarterly dashboard creation. Daily volume trend analysis. Production and process reporting EOD. Technical Implementation support: Requirements specifications to the development team to improve the applications in the project. UAT user acceptance testing of new applications in the project and reporting the same to the IT team Sit with development to understand the reason behind the implementation and communicating the same to the FTE’s Training provision on new applications to the FTE’s Changes implementation if required to the development team. Online banking platform support: Helping the online banking team to implement the CRM online. Understanding the requirements of the management in regards to what they want and why they want to integrate the CRM into online banking. Meeting setup to understand requirements. Once the requirements have been framed we sit with the development team to provide them understanding of the CRM process and what is required by CRM that needs integration in the online banking platform. Providing support in every stage of website coding development: Communicating the scope and purpose of the website to the development teams. Helping with baseline setup. Providing data to the development team: What will be the content of the CRM tool in the website. How customers can access the tool online to complete their KYC. Illustration of documents required will be on the page or not. What kind of documents will be uploaded in the website. What kind of files will the website support.    Where will it be stored after it gets uploaded. Where the files will be sent after it gets uploaded for approvals. How will the customer know of the status of the application process by automated email or by text or by both. What other links will be there on the online CRM tool which can be useful for the customer. What will the customer do if they are in confusion while uploading the documents for which a web chat can be introduced to provide support and direct contact with the executive. Understanding the size of the project and what resources are required to execute the project. Understanding the risk involved in executing the new codes in the running website: When will the maintenance take place at what time and what date to avoid minimal customer impact. Information provision providing the customer with website maintenance information and non usable timescale. How many FTE’s required from operations for UAT of a particular code so that manpower planning is maintained and BAU is not effected. After the above the estimation of the project starts: Estimating the cost involved in this implementation FTE requirements Methodology used for development. Resources and technical knowhow required. Once the above function is performed the details of which is framed in a document template and sent to the higher management for approval. Once the approval comes the development begins. Tracking and estimation support is given at steps where it is required. After the implementation the UAT is again performed and asked for further requirements or if the management is happy with the implementation then the GO LIVE is arranged and executed.  Infosys  Process Executive  • Infosys PVT LTD: National Australian Bank Project (Australian, Tasmania and New Zealand) ◦ Credit assessment executive for credit cards: * Setting up credit memo for approval in SAP. * Credit appraisal or credit assessment: • Preparation of financial data. ◦ Probability of default calculations. ◦ Credit risk ratio analysis. • Proposal preparation. • Assessment of proposal. • Sanction/approval of proposal by appropriate sanctioning authority. • Documentations, agreements, mortgages. • Disbursement of loan Post sanctions activities such as receiving stock statements. • Review of accounts, renew of accounts, etc (On regular basis) if CDD is required by the client. ◦ Credit Reporting and Analysis: * Weekly monthly and quarterly report generation regarding performing and non performing portfolios. • Solution design for non performing portfolios: ◦ Setting up project documents and requirements gathering from offshore branch officials to understand the barriers and implementations expected from the project.    ◦ Casual meetings and client calls to understand the requirement and setting up targets or volumes of expected production. ◦ Once the requirements have been gathered a project plan is formed and the initiation is given for approval. ◦ Once the initiation have been approved a root cause analysis is performed to understand the current standings using tools like: * 5 why's * Brainstorming * Decision matrix * Pareto diagram ◦ Once the root cause is identified then as per the business need an elicitation of the business problem is defined and communicated. ◦ Project requirements and implementation: * Communicating the current standing of the portfolio to the team and communicating the requirements. * Documenting the current standing of the portfolio: • Historical credit loss report. • Pipeline reporting. • Collections dashboard. * Once the communication is done the implementations in the projects starts: • We have understood using the root cause as to why the Credit Card is running at daily loss • We have understood using the data gathering what is the current standing of the credit card portfolio. ◦ Using the above two determining what changes to be made in the process of collections. ◦ What recovery solutions can be provided to pool in the bad debts in the portfolio. ◦ Sitting with the sales team to ask them how to target the base. ◦ Sitting with credit assessment officers to introduce new techniques and models to forecast credit lending capacity of a customer. * Once the implementations is completed we move on to the controlling of the project where we define the improvements and analyse: • Present and Past performance analysis. • Trend Measurement of the portfolio: ◦ Bad Debt percentages. ◦ Loss increase or decrease percentage. • Percentage increase or decrease of the performing ratio using: ◦ Graphs * Vertical * Trending * Hybrid ◦ Pie charts ◦ Scatter plots • Once the control setup has been initiated the process then goes into automation and the credit cycle is completed until new requirements come.  EDUCATION  Bcom  West Bengal State University    SKILLS  EDD, CDD, credit risk assessment, KYC, Banking, credit risk analysis, Customer Handling, Portfolio Management, Customer Service  AWARDS  Best Quality  January 2011  Rising Star  June 2015  BPS star performer  June 2016
[5670, 5780] Jaspreet Kaur Oceanic Consultants as a HR Executive  Faridabad, Haryana - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Jaspreet-Kaur/1b83bc42482ed5a0  To prove my worth as an employee by working under challenging opportunities and to grow myself professionally and intellectually by contributing towards my organization's progress.  WORK EXPERIENCE  Oceanic Consultants as a HR Executive  Oceanic Consultants Pvt. Ltd -  Chandigarh, Chandigarh -  June 2013 to January 2014  Oceanic Consultants, established in 1996, is one of the most successful international student recruitment companies in the world today.The company, with its headofficein Melbourne, Australia has one of the largest networks of company owned offices in India.  Key Responsibilities: • Recruitment: Identify vacancy, Advertising the vacancy (Internal &amp; External), Managing the response, Resume screening, Arranging interviews (Phone round/ F2F round), Short listing the candidate, Conducting interviews.  • Joining Formalities: Conduct Induction &amp; Orientation program for New Joinee, Prepare all details of joinee and send to ICT for creation of login ID, Configure system, Request for attendance card, Business card, ESI / PF Formalities, Generate Offer Letter, Maintain personal file of new joinee ( Soft and hard copies)  • Retention: Assessment of new joinee after six months, Extension of service ( If any), Arrangements of Relocation, Arrangements of Job Rotation, Promotions, Prepare due Increment, Arrangements on birthday/ Anniversary/Wedding gifts/ Festival celebrations, Attendance and Leave management, Handle quires for ESI / PF benefits/ Leaves/ salary/ Policies, Maintain data of salary/ Confirmations/ Increments, Manage monthly manual attendance record of all the branches, Mark comp off / attendance rectification/credit leaves, Time to time notifications for change in policy/ branch closure/ Holidays/ Promotions/ Transfers, Employment check, Update ascent one (Reporting change/contact details), Employee engagement  • Salary &amp; Payroll: Manage monthly attendance and leaves, Notify accounts department with new joinees detail/ Increments/ Promotions/ Transfers/Full and final settlement of exit employees etc, Prepare joinee details and send twice to accounts dept. for opening of salary of bank account, 'Leave processing.  • Full and Final settlement: Exit formalities, Check with Manager for deactivation of system, email forwarding and mailbox, Deactivate System, Exit emails, Circulate email to all concern heads for exit employee, Gratuity, PF withdrawal formalities, Experience letter, Salary certificate.  HR Officer  https://www.indeed.com/r/Jaspreet-Kaur/1b83bc42482ed5a0?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   MAYA ESTATZ -  Zirakpur, Punjab, IN -  January 2012 to May 2013  Maya Estatz specializes in providing qualitative and quantitative solutions for the Real Estate industry around Punjab, Himachal, Haryana, Chandigarh, Panchkula, Zirakpur&amp;Mohali.  Key Responsibilities: • Recruitment: Manpower Planning &amp; Approvals, Interviews and documentation. Selection of candidates based on identified competencies. • Coordination with consultants regarding recruitments.  • Maintain up-to-date recruitment progress report through RAG.  • Joining and Induction: Designed a Structured Programme for all new joiners and also prepared an Induction Manual with process detail.  • Joining formalities of new employees are done at the time of joining.  • Verification done from previous company, home and references of each new joiner.  • Time Office Management: Leave and Attendance Record, Maintenance of personal files.  • Managing Reward &amp; Recognition Programme for employees.  • Event Management in the office premises like employee Birthday &amp;Anniversary celebrations, Christmas celebration, Diwali, Lohri celebrations etc.  • Human Resource Administration:  * Stationary Management  * Issuing of ID Cards  * First Aid Facility  * Maintenance of Ledger of all office Expenses.  * Issuing of Official No and keep the record of all official no.  * Coordination with Vendors regarding Advertisements and other official work.  • Keep the record of all new joining and Exit Employees.  • Preparing Dash board of all CV's of Candidates and Updating on daily basis.  • Analysis on Employee Turnover &amp; Calculation of Attrition Rate.  HR Executive- SOLITAIRE INFOSYS    SOLITAIRE INFOSYS PVT. LTD -  Chandigarh, Chandigarh -  January 2011 to October 2011  that provides high quality comprehensive services to enterprises across a wide range of platforms and technologies.  Responsibilities as a HR:- • Man Power Planning: - Analysing the vacancy in IT Department.  • Recruitment &amp; Selection:-Posting the job on job portals, searching the candidate through consultancies.  • Joining Formalities:-Issuing of appointment Letters to new joiners and documentations of new employees.  • Induction Programme:- Introduce with company policies, employees etc.  • Providing Trainings to the New Employees about the company, product Knowledge etc.  • Maintenance the Record of Attendance of all employees.  • Employee Welfare: Organizing Parties, Tours and also celebrating the festivals.  • Formulation of HR Policy regarding attendance leaves.  Customer Related Activities:- • Maintaining Track of After Sale Activities • Maintaining Track of Payments/Deliveries • Customer Feedback and Suggestions Ways to improve Business Turnover with each customer.  EDUCATION  Masters of Business Administration  Mohali Campus -  Mohali, Punjab  2011  Bachelor of Commerce  Dev Samaj College for Women -  Chandigarh, Chandigarh  2009  Central Board of Secondary education  2003 to 2005  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Technical Skills    OS Windows XP, Vista Others Microsoft word/excel/power point, Basic computer skills, Tally  Internship details  2 months training experience in Marketing at HCL Infosystems (Mohali)  Project: "CASE STUDY AND SCOPE OF ENTERPRISE RESOURCE PLANNING (ERP) APPLICATION IN EDUCATION DOMAIN IN PUNJAB"
[2109, 2151] Ravi Shankar Working as Escalation Engineer with Microsoft.  Pune, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Ravi-Shankar/befa180dc0449299  • Working in Microsoft - EPS (SCS-MON) at Convergys India Private Ltd., Pune from 5th October, 2015 till date. • Currently working as an Escalation Engineer with SCS-MON team. • Done B.E. from Padmshree Dr. D.Y.Patil Institute of Engineering and Technology, Pimpri, Pune University.  Willing to relocate to: Pune, Maharashtra - hyderbad, Telangana - Bangalore, Karnataka  WORK EXPERIENCE  Escalation Engineer  Microsoft  Working on escalated issues with System Centre Operations Manager, Service Manager and Orchestrator. Have trained batches for the same. Supported junior Engineers in resolving tough issues.  Have worked as a Support Engineer  Microsoft -  Pune, Maharashtra -  October 2015 to April 2017  since May 2017 as a Subject Matter Expert to Jan 2018 and as Escalation Engineer since Feb 2018 at Convergys India Pvt. Ltd. Pune for MICROSOFT Enterprise Support Team (SCS-MON)  Roles and responsibilities: - • Working in Microsoft Commercial Technical Support SCS-MON Team providing advanced technical support by handling escalated or complex customer issues. • Identify, investigate, research and provide resolution on Customer queries and problems related to System Center Products. • Provide subject matter expertise in area of assignment and serve as a resource to other support personnel. Maintain high level of customer satisfaction always with an eye on productivity. • Maintain a high level of technical product knowledge in the specified software/hardware products and become knowledgeable in new products when deployed. • Have supported SCOM, SCSM and Orchestrator platform for Microsoft customers. • My work includes helping the Engineers with Technical issues on System Center platform support.  Core Competencies: - System Center Operations Manager: • Installation, deployment and troubleshooting of System Center Operations Manager • Cross-domain and Cross platform monitoring. • Network devices and Web Application monitoring  https://www.indeed.com/r/Ravi-Shankar/befa180dc0449299?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   • Custom reports / Issue with blank reports • Network Devices monitoring • Integrating and monitoring other System Center Products such as SCCM, SCDPM, SCVMM etc. with SCOM • Notifications  System Center Orchestrator: • Installation, deployment and troubleshooting of System Center Orchestrator • Deployment of various Microsoft and Non-Microsoft Integration Packs • Integration of SCSM-Orchestrator • Creating and Deploying Runbooks • Troubleshooting Runbook Server Performance Issues  System Center Service Manager: • Installation, deployment and troubleshooting of System Center Service Manager • Configuring Connectors • Notifications • Portal deployment (SharePoint and HTML5) • Troubleshooting workflows • Troubleshooting Data-warehouse Jobs issues  EDUCATION  B.E.  Pune University  SKILLS  OPERATIONS MANAGER (1 year), SCOM (1 year), SYSTEM CENTER OPERATIONS MANAGER (1 year), Orchestrator SCSM  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  TECHNICAL SKILLS  Operating systems • Microsoft Windows Server 2012 (R2) /2008 (R2) /2003 (R2) • Microsoft Windows Win8.1/Win8/Win7/Vista/XP • Linux - Various Flavors and Distributions (Red Hat/Fedora /CentOS/Debian)  Server Applications • Microsoft System Center Operations Manager (SCOM) 2016 /2012 […] R2 • Microsoft System Center Service Manager (SCSM) 2016 /2012 R2/2012 • Microsoft System Center Orchestrator 2016 /2012 R2/2012 • Microsoft SQL […] R2  Virtual Appliances • Microsoft Hyper-V    • VMware Workstation / VirtualBox  Other Applications • Microsoft Office […] • Trained and worked on Forefront Identity Manager, Microsoft Identity Manager, Forefront Threat Management Gateway and Unified Access Gateway for Windows security. • Good knowledge of basic Networking concepts • Good knowledge of basics of Microsoft Active Directory • Basic Knowledge of Windows Failover Clusters, Microsoft Exchange and IIS.
[1369, 1413] Pankaj Bhosale Microsoft SQL-SERVER  Dhule, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Pankaj-Bhosale/2d6f2e970b9a7ff6  WORK EXPERIENCE  Microsoft SQL-SERVER  Technical Expertise:- Environment Windows 7, Windows XP, Linux. Languages C, C++, C#.NET. Web Technologies ASP.NET 3.5, Ajax. Databases Microsoft SQL-SERVER 2005/8, MySql, MS-ACESS.. Scripting Language HTML, JavaScript, jQuery. Integrated Development Environment Visual Studio 2008/2010.  Jr. Developer  Softzel Technologies Pvt. Ltd -  Pune, Maharashtra  Database designing, User side coding & user side designing Technologies Used ASP.NET, C#.NET, SQL Server 2005 Responsibilities ⇨ Can get online help to designers, engineers and Vaasthu experts for the construction of new houses or buildings. ⇨ Develop this site to get the list of contractors, engineers and hardware dealers.  Grocery Shop System -  Pune, Maharashtra  Pune Technologies Used Microsoft Visual Studio .Net 2008 Responsibilities ⇨ Maintain daily purchase & sales activity of Mall. Maintain daily stock of mall. ⇨ Generate Yearly reports on sales, purchase, stock, employee salary activity. ⇨ Maintain communication with the customer throughout the problem resolution process of actions taken.  EDUCATION  MCA  RCPET's I.M.R.D College -  Jalgaon, Maharashtra  2014  M.D.  Palesh Commerce College -  Dhule, Maharashtra  2010  https://www.indeed.com/r/Pankaj-Bhosale/2d6f2e970b9a7ff6?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   HSC  Jai Hind College -  Dhule, Maharashtra  2007  SSC in Dot Net Framework  Ram Chandra keshav citale High School -  Jalgaon, Maharashtra  2005
[1794, 1826] Navas Koya Test Engineer  Mangalore, Karnataka - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Navas-Koya/23c1e4e94779b465  Willing to relocate to: Mangalore, Karnataka - Bangalore, Karnataka - Chennai, Tamil Nadu  WORK EXPERIENCE  System Engineer  Infosys -  August 2014 to Present  .NET application Maintenance and do the code changes if required  Test Engineer  Infosys -  June 2015 to February 2016  PrProject 2:  Title: RBS W&G Proving testing. Technology: Manual testing Role: Software Test Engineer  Domain: Banking Description:  Write test cases & descriptions. Review the entries. Upload and map the documents into HP QC. Execute the testing operations in TPROD mainframe. Upload the result in QC along with the proof. Roles and Responsibilities: •Prepared the Test Scenarios  •Prepared and Executed Test Cases •Performed functional, Regression testing, Sanity testing.  •Reviewed the Test Reports and Preparing Test Summary Report. •Upload Test cases to the QC. •Execute in TPROD Mainframe. •Defect Track and Report.  Test Executive  Infosys Limited -  August 2014 to May 2015  https://www.indeed.com/r/Navas-Koya/23c1e4e94779b465?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   Project 1: Title: CAWP (Compliance Automated Work Paper)  Technology: Manual testing Role: Software Test Executive Domain: Banking Description: The Admin can create and maintain annual test plan, and users can only view and add details. Testers will get Business Requirement which explains the flows and Functional requirements which gives the full detail of the project. Roles and Responsibilities:  •Prepared the Test Scenarios •Prepared and Executed Test Cases •Performed functional, Regression testing, Sanity testing. •Reviewed the Test Reports and Preparing Test Summary Report. •Defect Track and Report.  EDUCATION  Bachelor of Computer Applications  Mangalore University, Mangalore  June 2011 to April 2014  SKILLS  C# (Less than 1 year), .NET, SQL Server, Css, Html5  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Bachelor of computer application: with 74% from Milagres College, Kallianpur under Mangalore University, Karnataka.  Navas Najeer Koya 2  SKILL SET • ASP.NET, C# • QA tools  • Coding and modularization • Excellent communication skills  • VB, VB.net, ASP • Technical specifications creation  • HTML • System backups  • Sql server 2005, Oracle • System upgrades  • Java/C/C++ • Excellent problem-solving abilities  Navas Najeer Koya 3
[2474, 2514] Sanand Pal SQL and MSBI Developer with experience in Azure SQL and Data Lake store.  Hyderabad, Telangana - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Sanand-Pal/5c99c42c3400737c  I intend to establish myself as Software Engineer / architect with an integrated business solution provider through a long time commitment, contributing to the company's growth and in turn ensuring personal growth within the organization. I believe that my technical, functional and communication skills will enable me in facing the challenging career ahead.  Willing to relocate to: Kolkata, West Bengal - hyderbad, Telangana  WORK EXPERIENCE  Assistant Consultant  TCS  • Expertise in SQL Server(2008 R2, 2012, 2014) development, Microsoft BI (SSIS) • Experience with Microsoft BI (SSAS, SSRS), ASP.NET, VSTO, C#. • Experience in all the phases of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC). • Experience in Business Requirements Analysis, meeting customer expectations. • Have had the opportunity to handle and work in multiple projects at a time. • Experience in working both independently and in a team-oriented, collaborative environment. • Excellent written and verbal communication skills, good analytical and problem solving skills.  SQL and SSIS developer/Sustain resource  MICROSOFT -  Hyderabad, Telangana -  August 2011 to June 2016  Project US EPG Forecast Workbook (FWB) application is designed to support the US Enterprise Partner Group (US EPG) in producing and maintaining the monthly US sales forecast. It is a transactional database combined with Microsoft Office Excel functionality that enables end users to interact with the USNAForecast database. Typically, an ATU manager will connect to the corporate network and download data from the forecast database, which creates an offline forecast workbook. This data can then be accessed offline, modelled, and changes to certain data fields are subsequently uploaded back to the forecast database through a CorpNet connection. These changes are then stored in the online database and subsequently loaded back into upstream systems.  Responsibilities • Involved in the Technical discussions/Sessions and efforts estimations and reviews. • Involved in analysis of the Bugs/ Issues/defects/CRs. • Involved in change requests on VSTO Excel application. • Involved in design of database, tables and stored procedures. • Developed SQL Server Integration Services packages for ETL process. • Unit testing and bug fixing of the code.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Sanand-Pal/5c99c42c3400737c?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   • Actively solved the issues that raised during the integration cycle • Performed build verification and Smoke tested all the defects raised before giving a delivery. • Prepared and updated FS, TS and deployment guides. • Provided knowledge sharing to Users • Provided post implementation support • Promptly check in the final Code in VSTF.  Hyderabad, India  EDUCATION  Bachelor of Technology in Branch  East Point College of Engg. & Tech. -  Bengaluru, Karnataka  June 2006 to July 2010  SKILLS  Sql Server, Ssis, T-SQL, ETL, SSRS
[50, 56] PRASHANTH BADALA Devops Engineer ,Cloud Engineer -Oracle  Hyderabad, Telangana - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/PRASHANTH-BADALA/ bf4c4b7253a8ece7  • Hands on experience in end-end process of Build Management, Release Management and Configuration Management. • Hands on experience on supporting configuration management tools on both physical and cloud environment • Involved in setting up Jenkins in Distributed Environments with Master and Slave • Working experience on Subversion (SVN) administration and basic usage • Creating Branches, tags and providing SVN user access to all developers in the organization • Managing application server instances running on AWS • Involved in configuring EC2 instances along with Auto scale up options. • Involved in configuration Management using CHEF and automated the complete platform setup. • Good knowledge on Cookbooks, Chef Kitchen, Burks file and Metadata. • Involved in automating the release using UDeploy and deploying the application to different environments. • Involved in container setup with Docker. Having good understanding of creating and running Docker images. • Involved in writing Applications, Componenets, Resources and component process flow. • Configured Jenkins as contionus integration tool for regular source code builds. • Experience in setting up branching strategies, merging and taking regular backups of the source code on SVN server • Helping the Developers in SVN related issues • Written the integrated build automation scripts using Ant • Perform the QA & Stress and UAT builds and deployed the binaries on respective environment servers • Monitoring the deployment in all the servers • Supported setting up of various environments in multi-tier architecture involving load balancers, Apache webservers, Oracle database, • Developed custom scripts to automate the build and release process. • Implemented a custom authentication with WebLogic for user authentication, authorization and password policy • Monitoring environment using monitoring tools like Wily monitoring tool and custom shell script. • Involved in integrating WebLogic with Wily introscope. • Involved in resolving tickets with different SLAs like SEV1, SEV2, SEV3 and SEV4. • Involved in change management process like opening change records using change management tools like INFRA, Managenow. • Providing on call, weekend and deployment support. • Involved in applying security patches using WebLogic Utility. • Deploying applications using different deployment strategies like Stage, No Stage and External stage. Work Experience:  • Working as Configuration Engineer in Oracle, Hyderabad from July 2015 to till date.  https://www.indeed.com/r/PRASHANTH-BADALA/bf4c4b7253a8ece7?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN https://www.indeed.com/r/PRASHANTH-BADALA/bf4c4b7253a8ece7?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   Technical Skills:  Version Control Tools   Subversion(SVN),GIT  Web/Appservers Continuous Integration Tools WebLogic 11g, Apache HTTP Server 2.4 Jenkins 1.6, Hudson  Build Tools   Maven 3  Scripting Languages   Shell Scripting and Python  Operating Systems   Windows servers […] Windows XP/7, Red Hat LINUX 5  Database  Oracle 11g  Release Tools  UDeploy,Jenkins  Cloud  AWS  Configuration Tools  CHEF  Education Qualification: B.Tech From Annamacharya Institute of Technology, JNTU Hyderabad - 2015   Project Details  Title: E-Banking solutions   Client : Union Bank of Canada, Canada  Role : Configuration Engineer  Environment : Maven, Jenkins, CHEF, UDeploy, SVN, Linux, Weblogic,Aws     Duration : Nov 2016 to till date  Project Description:  This is a banking project and basic objective of this project is to deal with the loans. This application is based on Java technology. For this we have to schedule the tasks and have to collect code from development team and have to build and deploy the code later have to support the release management team of which executing Java applications build and deployments in Dev, QA, performance and production environments. . . Responsibilities: • Involved in automation of Configuration Management using CHEF and automated multiple environments like Prod and Non Prod. • Involved in configuring AWS Environment to deploy applications. • Involved in Release Management and automated the overall release process using Urban Code Deployments (UDeploy) • For on boarding existing application, performing knowledge transition from development team to SCM team on build and deployment process. • For new applications, work with development to get the requirements of application build and deployment process. • Creating War/Ear files using Ant Script • Creating Jenkins/Hudson jobs. • Monitor and track requests in Subversion. • Monitor and fix the continuous integration builds running in Jenkins. • Troubleshooting the compilation errors and provide the technical support to the developers team on that issue. • Installation, configuring, administration of Web Logic 9.x, 10.x on Linux environment. • Supporting Builds for Multiple environments like Dev, QA, Staging, Perf and Production. • Performing Manual and Automation Builds using Maven and Jenkins. • Troubleshooting the middle ware issues and resolving the P2,P3 tickets with in SLA • Provided on call support on 24/7 basis • Involved in creation and configuration of Domains, JVM instances in production, QA and UAT environments. • Configured clusters to provide fail over, load balancing and deployed applications on clusters. • Installed, configured and administration to Web logic 10.x, JDBC Data source and Connection pool configuration with Oracle. Web Logic Administration, Monitoring and Troubleshooting using Admin Console. • Have excellent experience in Client Interaction • Provided on call support for production tickets on 24/7 basis. • Deployment of web and enterprise applications and their updates in dev, production, pre- production using Admin console.  • Creating branches & merging using Subversion. • Performing deployments to multiple environments like Dev, QA, Field, Perf, UAT & Production envs • Troubleshooting application related issues by log verification. • Writing a UNIX Shell Script and schedule in the respective run levels for automate day-to-day activities such as auto start application server. • Automate code deployments by using ANT and Jenkins.    Sprint Value Added Services  Client : Sprint, U.S  Role : Build and Release Engineer Environment: Maven, Jenkins, SVN, Linux, Weblogic, Apache,AWS,Docker Duration : Dec 2015 to Oct 2016  Project Description:  This is a Value Added Services provided by Sprint. This application is based on Java technology. For this we have to schedule the tasks and have to collect code from development team and have to build and deploy the code later have to support the release management team of which executing Java applications build and deployments in Dev, QA, performance and production environments.  Responsibilities:  • For on boarding existing application, performing knowledge transition from development team to SCM team on build and deployment process. • For new applications, work with development to get the requirements of application build and deployment process. • Installing and configuring Subversion (SVN) and Jenkins. • Providing support to Subversion (SVN) related issues. • Developing and maintaining build files by using Ant script. • Integrate Unit Testing in Ant builds • Installation, configuring, administration of Web Logic 9.x, 10.x on Linux environment. • Supporting Builds for Multiple environments like Dev, QA, Staging, Perf and Production. • Performing Manual and Automation Builds using Maven and Jenkins. • Troubleshooting the middle ware issues and resolving the P2,P3 tickets with in SLA • Provided on call support on 24/7 basis • Involved in creation and configuration of Domains, JVM instances in production, QA and UAT environments. • Configured clusters to provide fail over, load balancing and deployed applications on clusters. • Installed, configured and administration to Web logic 10.x, JDBC Data source and Connection pool configuration with Oracle. Web Logic Administration, Monitoring and Troubleshooting using Admin Console. • Have excellent experience in Client Interaction • Provided on call support for production tickets on 24/7 basis. • Deployment of web and enterprise applications and their updates in dev, production, pre- production using Admin console. • Building the source code using Jenkins. • Helped developers in resolving SVN issues and concerns. • Responsible for weekly and daily work checks and backups. • Environment: WebLogic Application Server 10.3, JDK1.6, Oracle, Apache Webserver, Linux, JIRA,Infra,SSH,TOAD  KOhls Retail Services    Client : Kohls, US Role : Build and Release Engineer.  Environment: Maven, Jenkins, SVN, Linux, WebLogic, Apache Duration : July 2015 to Nov 2015  Project Description:  This application is based on Java technology. For this we have to schedule the tasks and have to collect code from development team and have to build and deploy the code later have to support the release management team of which executing Java applications build and deployments in Dev, QA, performance and production environments.  Responsibilities:   • Developing and maintaining build files by using Ant script. • Integrate Unit Testing in Ant builds • Installation, configuring, administration of Web Logic 9.x, 10.x on Linux environment. • Supporting Builds for Multiple environments like Dev, QA, Staging, Perf and Production.  • Supporting Builds for Multiple environments like Dev, QA, Staging, Perf and Production. • Performing Manual and Automation Builds using Maven and Jenkins. • Deploying WAR, EAR applications on various targeted servers in the clustered environments. • Web Logic Administration, Monitoring and Troubleshooting using Admin Console. • Analyzing log files and periodic removal of them • Creating branches & merging using Subversion. • Performing deployments to multiple environments like Dev, QA, Field, Perf, UAT & Production envs • Troubleshooting application related issues by log verification. • Writing a UNIX Shell Script and schedule in the respective run levels for automate day-to-day activities such as auto start application server. • Automate code deployments by using ANT and Jenkins.  • Involved in changing heap parameters like –Xms, -Xmx, -XnoOpt,-XnoHup etc. • Perform daily environment health-check • Good in taking the thread dumps and finding the root cause analysis. • Created and configured web logic server instances, clusters in domain environment. • Installed web logic on production boxes in console mode. • Strong experience in administrating by using Admin console.  Environment: WebLogic Application Server 9.2, Java, Oracle, Apache Webserver, Linux, JIRA, Managenow, Putty, TOAD  Willing to relocate to: Hyderabad, Telangana - Bangalore Urban, Karnataka - Chennai, Tamil Nadu  WORK EXPERIENCE  Configuration Engineer  Oracle -  Hyderabad, Telangana -    July 2015 to Present  • Hands on experience in end-end process of Build Management, Release Management and Configuration Management. • Hands on experience on supporting configuration management tools on both physical and cloud environment • Involved in setting up Jenkins in Distributed Environments with Master and Slave • Working experience on Subversion(SVN) administration and basic usage • Creating Branches, tags and providing SVN user access to all developers in the organization • Managing application server instances running on AWS • Involved in configuring EC2 instances along with Auto scale up options. • Involved in configuration Management using CHEF and automated the complete platform setup. • Good knowledge on Cookbooks, Chef Kitchen, Burks file and Metadata. • Involved in automating the release using UDeploy and deploying the application to different environments. • Involved in container setup with Docker. Having good understanding of creating and running Docker images. • Involved in writing Applications, Componenets, Resources and component process flow. • Configured Jenkins as contionus integration tool for regular source code builds. • Experience in setting up branching strategies, merging and taking regular backups of the source code on SVN server • Helping the Developers in SVN related issues • Written the integrated build automation scripts using Ant • Perform the QA & Stress and UAT builds and deployed the binaries on respective environment servers • Monitoring the deployment in all the servers • Supported setting up of various environments in multi-tier architecture involving load balancers, Apache webservers, Oracle database,  • Developed custom scripts to automate the build and release process. • Implemented a custom authentication with WebLogic for user authentication, authorization and password policy • Monitoring environment using monitoring tools like Wily monitoring tool and custom shell script. • Involved in integrating WebLogic with Wily introscope. • Involved in resolving tickets with different SLAs like SEV1, SEV2, SEV3 and SEV4. • Involved in change management process like opening change records using change management tools like INFRA, Managenow. • Providing on call, weekend and deployment support. • Involved in applying security patches using WebLogic Utility. • Deploying applications using different deployment strategies like Stage, No Stage and External stage.  Configuration Engineer  Oracle  Devops    EDUCATION  B.TECH/B.E  Annamacharya Institute of Technology, JNTU, Hyderabad -  Hyderabad, Telangana  2015  SKILLS  AWS (1 year), CHEF (1 year), Linux (2 years), git, svn, maven, devops, jenkins, Docker, weblogic  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Operating Systems Windows servers […] Windows XP/7, Red Hat LINUX 5 Database Oracle 11g Release Tools UDeploy, Jenkins Cloud AWS Configuration Tools CHEF
[2733, 2742] Priyesh Dubey Azure Developer with 9 Yrs 8 months of working experience in Dot Net Technologies  Hyderabad, Telangana - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Priyesh-Dubey/cd079a9e5de18281  Willing to relocate to: Pune, Maharashtra - Hyderabad, Telangana - Bangalore Urban, Karnataka  WORK EXPERIENCE  Architect  Cognizant -  Hyderabad, Telangana -  August 2017 to Present  2017. • Worked with Microsoft, Hyderabad as Software Engineer from January 2015 to Aug 2017. • Worked as Senior Software Engineer in Philips India Limited, Bangalore from October 2011 to Dec 2014. • Worked as Project Engineer in Wipro Technologies from Aug 2008 to Oct 2011.  Technical Experience • 9 years 8 month of total IT relevant experience in analysis, design and development of windows, web and cloud based (Azure) application in .NET. • Proficient experience of 4 years in WPF using MVVM and PRISM. • Proficient experience of 1.5 year in Azure Technologies. • Worked at the architecture, design and implementation level of the development. • Proficient to understand the technical &amp; functional specifications. • Have strong hold on Object Oriented Programming concepts with extensive exposure in OOAD using various Design Patterns. • Good working knowledge with designer tools such as Visio. • Experienced in writing unit tests using NUnit and VS tests using Moq and Microsoft Fakes for C# modules. • Good working knowledge of Agile and Waterfall methodology. • Good at grasping any kind of technology at a tremendous pace with minimum training.  Professional Experience • Possess good work ethics with excellent communication and interpersonal skills. • Quick learner and very keen to learn new technologies. • Effective in working independently as well as collaboratively. • Experience in developing quick POC alternatives as per the new technology needs and analyze the performance and maintenance aspect. • Highly motivated, dependable trouble shooter and possess good analytical and problem-solving techniques. • In depth knowledge and hands on experience of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) and Project management processes. • Strong analytical ability, conceptualization, presentation and communication skills.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Priyesh-Dubey/cd079a9e5de18281?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   Software Developer  Microsoft  Worked as Individual Contributor in Technical Role  EDUCATION  MCA  MANIT  SKILLS  WPF (Less than 1 year), Web API, Azure, ASP.Net MVC, Design Patterns, WCF, C#  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Technical Skills  Microsoft Technologies C#.Net, WPF, WCF, ASP.Net MVC, Web API, Biztalk Server 2013 Cloud Azure Version Control Git, VSTS, SVN, IBM Rational Clear Case Scripting PowerShell Unit Test MOQ, VS Test, Microsoft Fakes, N-Unit
[2537, 2546] Priyesh Dubey Azure Developer with 9 Yrs 8 months of working experience in Dot Net Technologies  Hyderabad, Telangana - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Priyesh-Dubey/cd079a9e5de18281  Willing to relocate to: Pune, Maharashtra - Hyderabad, Telangana - Bangalore Urban, Karnataka  WORK EXPERIENCE  Architect  Cognizant -  Hyderabad, Telangana -  August 2017 to Present  2017. • Worked with Microsoft, Hyderabad as Software Engineer from January 2015 to Aug 2017. • Worked as Senior Software Engineer in Philips India Limited, Bangalore from October 2011 to Dec 2014. • Worked as Project Engineer in Wipro Technologies from Aug 2008 to Oct 2011.  Technical Experience • 9 years 8 month of total IT relevant experience in analysis, design and development of windows, web and cloud based (Azure) application in .NET. • Proficient experience of 4 years in WPF using MVVM and PRISM. • Proficient experience of 1.5 year in Azure Technologies. • Worked at the architecture, design and implementation level of the development. • Proficient to understand the technical &amp; functional specifications. • Have strong hold on Object Oriented Programming concepts with extensive exposure in OOAD using various Design Patterns. • Good working knowledge with designer tools such as Visio. • Experienced in writing unit tests using NUnit and VS tests using Moq and Microsoft Fakes for C# modules. • Good working knowledge of Agile and Waterfall methodology. • Good at grasping any kind of technology at a tremendous pace with minimum training.  Professional Experience • Possess good work ethics with excellent communication and interpersonal skills. • Quick learner and very keen to learn new technologies. • Effective in working independently as well as collaboratively. • Experience in developing quick POC alternatives as per the new technology needs and analyze the performance and maintenance aspect. • Highly motivated, dependable trouble shooter and possess good analytical and problem-solving techniques. • In depth knowledge and hands on experience of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) and Project management processes. • Strong analytical ability, conceptualization, presentation and communication skills.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Priyesh-Dubey/cd079a9e5de18281?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   Software Developer  Microsoft  Worked as Individual Contributor in Technical Role  EDUCATION  MCA  MANIT  SKILLS  WPF (Less than 1 year), Web API, Azure, ASP.Net MVC, Design Patterns, WCF, C#  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Technical Skills  Microsoft Technologies C#.Net, WPF, WCF, ASP.Net MVC, Web API, Biztalk Server 2013 Cloud Azure Version Control Git, VSTS, SVN, IBM Rational Clear Case Scripting PowerShell Unit Test MOQ, VS Test, Microsoft Fakes, N-Unit
[2416, 2493] Priyesh Dubey Azure Developer with 9 Yrs 8 months of working experience in Dot Net Technologies  Hyderabad, Telangana - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Priyesh-Dubey/cd079a9e5de18281  Willing to relocate to: Pune, Maharashtra - Hyderabad, Telangana - Bangalore Urban, Karnataka  WORK EXPERIENCE  Architect  Cognizant -  Hyderabad, Telangana -  August 2017 to Present  2017. • Worked with Microsoft, Hyderabad as Software Engineer from January 2015 to Aug 2017. • Worked as Senior Software Engineer in Philips India Limited, Bangalore from October 2011 to Dec 2014. • Worked as Project Engineer in Wipro Technologies from Aug 2008 to Oct 2011.  Technical Experience • 9 years 8 month of total IT relevant experience in analysis, design and development of windows, web and cloud based (Azure) application in .NET. • Proficient experience of 4 years in WPF using MVVM and PRISM. • Proficient experience of 1.5 year in Azure Technologies. • Worked at the architecture, design and implementation level of the development. • Proficient to understand the technical &amp; functional specifications. • Have strong hold on Object Oriented Programming concepts with extensive exposure in OOAD using various Design Patterns. • Good working knowledge with designer tools such as Visio. • Experienced in writing unit tests using NUnit and VS tests using Moq and Microsoft Fakes for C# modules. • Good working knowledge of Agile and Waterfall methodology. • Good at grasping any kind of technology at a tremendous pace with minimum training.  Professional Experience • Possess good work ethics with excellent communication and interpersonal skills. • Quick learner and very keen to learn new technologies. • Effective in working independently as well as collaboratively. • Experience in developing quick POC alternatives as per the new technology needs and analyze the performance and maintenance aspect. • Highly motivated, dependable trouble shooter and possess good analytical and problem-solving techniques. • In depth knowledge and hands on experience of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) and Project management processes. • Strong analytical ability, conceptualization, presentation and communication skills.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Priyesh-Dubey/cd079a9e5de18281?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   Software Developer  Microsoft  Worked as Individual Contributor in Technical Role  EDUCATION  MCA  MANIT  SKILLS  WPF (Less than 1 year), Web API, Azure, ASP.Net MVC, Design Patterns, WCF, C#  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Technical Skills  Microsoft Technologies C#.Net, WPF, WCF, ASP.Net MVC, Web API, Biztalk Server 2013 Cloud Azure Version Control Git, VSTS, SVN, IBM Rational Clear Case Scripting PowerShell Unit Test MOQ, VS Test, Microsoft Fakes, N-Unit
[2396, 2398] Priyesh Dubey Azure Developer with 9 Yrs 8 months of working experience in Dot Net Technologies  Hyderabad, Telangana - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Priyesh-Dubey/cd079a9e5de18281  Willing to relocate to: Pune, Maharashtra - Hyderabad, Telangana - Bangalore Urban, Karnataka  WORK EXPERIENCE  Architect  Cognizant -  Hyderabad, Telangana -  August 2017 to Present  2017. • Worked with Microsoft, Hyderabad as Software Engineer from January 2015 to Aug 2017. • Worked as Senior Software Engineer in Philips India Limited, Bangalore from October 2011 to Dec 2014. • Worked as Project Engineer in Wipro Technologies from Aug 2008 to Oct 2011.  Technical Experience • 9 years 8 month of total IT relevant experience in analysis, design and development of windows, web and cloud based (Azure) application in .NET. • Proficient experience of 4 years in WPF using MVVM and PRISM. • Proficient experience of 1.5 year in Azure Technologies. • Worked at the architecture, design and implementation level of the development. • Proficient to understand the technical &amp; functional specifications. • Have strong hold on Object Oriented Programming concepts with extensive exposure in OOAD using various Design Patterns. • Good working knowledge with designer tools such as Visio. • Experienced in writing unit tests using NUnit and VS tests using Moq and Microsoft Fakes for C# modules. • Good working knowledge of Agile and Waterfall methodology. • Good at grasping any kind of technology at a tremendous pace with minimum training.  Professional Experience • Possess good work ethics with excellent communication and interpersonal skills. • Quick learner and very keen to learn new technologies. • Effective in working independently as well as collaboratively. • Experience in developing quick POC alternatives as per the new technology needs and analyze the performance and maintenance aspect. • Highly motivated, dependable trouble shooter and possess good analytical and problem-solving techniques. • In depth knowledge and hands on experience of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) and Project management processes. • Strong analytical ability, conceptualization, presentation and communication skills.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Priyesh-Dubey/cd079a9e5de18281?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   Software Developer  Microsoft  Worked as Individual Contributor in Technical Role  EDUCATION  MCA  MANIT  SKILLS  WPF (Less than 1 year), Web API, Azure, ASP.Net MVC, Design Patterns, WCF, C#  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Technical Skills  Microsoft Technologies C#.Net, WPF, WCF, ASP.Net MVC, Web API, Biztalk Server 2013 Cloud Azure Version Control Git, VSTS, SVN, IBM Rational Clear Case Scripting PowerShell Unit Test MOQ, VS Test, Microsoft Fakes, N-Unit
[2322, 2331] Priyesh Dubey Azure Developer with 9 Yrs 8 months of working experience in Dot Net Technologies  Hyderabad, Telangana - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Priyesh-Dubey/cd079a9e5de18281  Willing to relocate to: Pune, Maharashtra - Hyderabad, Telangana - Bangalore Urban, Karnataka  WORK EXPERIENCE  Architect  Cognizant -  Hyderabad, Telangana -  August 2017 to Present  2017. • Worked with Microsoft, Hyderabad as Software Engineer from January 2015 to Aug 2017. • Worked as Senior Software Engineer in Philips India Limited, Bangalore from October 2011 to Dec 2014. • Worked as Project Engineer in Wipro Technologies from Aug 2008 to Oct 2011.  Technical Experience • 9 years 8 month of total IT relevant experience in analysis, design and development of windows, web and cloud based (Azure) application in .NET. • Proficient experience of 4 years in WPF using MVVM and PRISM. • Proficient experience of 1.5 year in Azure Technologies. • Worked at the architecture, design and implementation level of the development. • Proficient to understand the technical &amp; functional specifications. • Have strong hold on Object Oriented Programming concepts with extensive exposure in OOAD using various Design Patterns. • Good working knowledge with designer tools such as Visio. • Experienced in writing unit tests using NUnit and VS tests using Moq and Microsoft Fakes for C# modules. • Good working knowledge of Agile and Waterfall methodology. • Good at grasping any kind of technology at a tremendous pace with minimum training.  Professional Experience • Possess good work ethics with excellent communication and interpersonal skills. • Quick learner and very keen to learn new technologies. • Effective in working independently as well as collaboratively. • Experience in developing quick POC alternatives as per the new technology needs and analyze the performance and maintenance aspect. • Highly motivated, dependable trouble shooter and possess good analytical and problem-solving techniques. • In depth knowledge and hands on experience of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) and Project management processes. • Strong analytical ability, conceptualization, presentation and communication skills.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Priyesh-Dubey/cd079a9e5de18281?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   Software Developer  Microsoft  Worked as Individual Contributor in Technical Role  EDUCATION  MCA  MANIT  SKILLS  WPF (Less than 1 year), Web API, Azure, ASP.Net MVC, Design Patterns, WCF, C#  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Technical Skills  Microsoft Technologies C#.Net, WPF, WCF, ASP.Net MVC, Web API, Biztalk Server 2013 Cloud Azure Version Control Git, VSTS, SVN, IBM Rational Clear Case Scripting PowerShell Unit Test MOQ, VS Test, Microsoft Fakes, N-Unit
[2302, 2320] Priyesh Dubey Azure Developer with 9 Yrs 8 months of working experience in Dot Net Technologies  Hyderabad, Telangana - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Priyesh-Dubey/cd079a9e5de18281  Willing to relocate to: Pune, Maharashtra - Hyderabad, Telangana - Bangalore Urban, Karnataka  WORK EXPERIENCE  Architect  Cognizant -  Hyderabad, Telangana -  August 2017 to Present  2017. • Worked with Microsoft, Hyderabad as Software Engineer from January 2015 to Aug 2017. • Worked as Senior Software Engineer in Philips India Limited, Bangalore from October 2011 to Dec 2014. • Worked as Project Engineer in Wipro Technologies from Aug 2008 to Oct 2011.  Technical Experience • 9 years 8 month of total IT relevant experience in analysis, design and development of windows, web and cloud based (Azure) application in .NET. • Proficient experience of 4 years in WPF using MVVM and PRISM. • Proficient experience of 1.5 year in Azure Technologies. • Worked at the architecture, design and implementation level of the development. • Proficient to understand the technical &amp; functional specifications. • Have strong hold on Object Oriented Programming concepts with extensive exposure in OOAD using various Design Patterns. • Good working knowledge with designer tools such as Visio. • Experienced in writing unit tests using NUnit and VS tests using Moq and Microsoft Fakes for C# modules. • Good working knowledge of Agile and Waterfall methodology. • Good at grasping any kind of technology at a tremendous pace with minimum training.  Professional Experience • Possess good work ethics with excellent communication and interpersonal skills. • Quick learner and very keen to learn new technologies. • Effective in working independently as well as collaboratively. • Experience in developing quick POC alternatives as per the new technology needs and analyze the performance and maintenance aspect. • Highly motivated, dependable trouble shooter and possess good analytical and problem-solving techniques. • In depth knowledge and hands on experience of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) and Project management processes. • Strong analytical ability, conceptualization, presentation and communication skills.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Priyesh-Dubey/cd079a9e5de18281?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   Software Developer  Microsoft  Worked as Individual Contributor in Technical Role  EDUCATION  MCA  MANIT  SKILLS  WPF (Less than 1 year), Web API, Azure, ASP.Net MVC, Design Patterns, WCF, C#  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Technical Skills  Microsoft Technologies C#.Net, WPF, WCF, ASP.Net MVC, Web API, Biztalk Server 2013 Cloud Azure Version Control Git, VSTS, SVN, IBM Rational Clear Case Scripting PowerShell Unit Test MOQ, VS Test, Microsoft Fakes, N-Unit
[1345, 1354] Priyesh Dubey Azure Developer with 9 Yrs 8 months of working experience in Dot Net Technologies  Hyderabad, Telangana - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Priyesh-Dubey/cd079a9e5de18281  Willing to relocate to: Pune, Maharashtra - Hyderabad, Telangana - Bangalore Urban, Karnataka  WORK EXPERIENCE  Architect  Cognizant -  Hyderabad, Telangana -  August 2017 to Present  2017. • Worked with Microsoft, Hyderabad as Software Engineer from January 2015 to Aug 2017. • Worked as Senior Software Engineer in Philips India Limited, Bangalore from October 2011 to Dec 2014. • Worked as Project Engineer in Wipro Technologies from Aug 2008 to Oct 2011.  Technical Experience • 9 years 8 month of total IT relevant experience in analysis, design and development of windows, web and cloud based (Azure) application in .NET. • Proficient experience of 4 years in WPF using MVVM and PRISM. • Proficient experience of 1.5 year in Azure Technologies. • Worked at the architecture, design and implementation level of the development. • Proficient to understand the technical &amp; functional specifications. • Have strong hold on Object Oriented Programming concepts with extensive exposure in OOAD using various Design Patterns. • Good working knowledge with designer tools such as Visio. • Experienced in writing unit tests using NUnit and VS tests using Moq and Microsoft Fakes for C# modules. • Good working knowledge of Agile and Waterfall methodology. • Good at grasping any kind of technology at a tremendous pace with minimum training.  Professional Experience • Possess good work ethics with excellent communication and interpersonal skills. • Quick learner and very keen to learn new technologies. • Effective in working independently as well as collaboratively. • Experience in developing quick POC alternatives as per the new technology needs and analyze the performance and maintenance aspect. • Highly motivated, dependable trouble shooter and possess good analytical and problem-solving techniques. • In depth knowledge and hands on experience of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) and Project management processes. • Strong analytical ability, conceptualization, presentation and communication skills.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Priyesh-Dubey/cd079a9e5de18281?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   Software Developer  Microsoft  Worked as Individual Contributor in Technical Role  EDUCATION  MCA  MANIT  SKILLS  WPF (Less than 1 year), Web API, Azure, ASP.Net MVC, Design Patterns, WCF, C#  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Technical Skills  Microsoft Technologies C#.Net, WPF, WCF, ASP.Net MVC, Web API, Biztalk Server 2013 Cloud Azure Version Control Git, VSTS, SVN, IBM Rational Clear Case Scripting PowerShell Unit Test MOQ, VS Test, Microsoft Fakes, N-Unit
[35, 48] Priyesh Dubey Azure Developer with 9 Yrs 8 months of working experience in Dot Net Technologies  Hyderabad, Telangana - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Priyesh-Dubey/cd079a9e5de18281  Willing to relocate to: Pune, Maharashtra - Hyderabad, Telangana - Bangalore Urban, Karnataka  WORK EXPERIENCE  Architect  Cognizant -  Hyderabad, Telangana -  August 2017 to Present  2017. • Worked with Microsoft, Hyderabad as Software Engineer from January 2015 to Aug 2017. • Worked as Senior Software Engineer in Philips India Limited, Bangalore from October 2011 to Dec 2014. • Worked as Project Engineer in Wipro Technologies from Aug 2008 to Oct 2011.  Technical Experience • 9 years 8 month of total IT relevant experience in analysis, design and development of windows, web and cloud based (Azure) application in .NET. • Proficient experience of 4 years in WPF using MVVM and PRISM. • Proficient experience of 1.5 year in Azure Technologies. • Worked at the architecture, design and implementation level of the development. • Proficient to understand the technical &amp; functional specifications. • Have strong hold on Object Oriented Programming concepts with extensive exposure in OOAD using various Design Patterns. • Good working knowledge with designer tools such as Visio. • Experienced in writing unit tests using NUnit and VS tests using Moq and Microsoft Fakes for C# modules. • Good working knowledge of Agile and Waterfall methodology. • Good at grasping any kind of technology at a tremendous pace with minimum training.  Professional Experience • Possess good work ethics with excellent communication and interpersonal skills. • Quick learner and very keen to learn new technologies. • Effective in working independently as well as collaboratively. • Experience in developing quick POC alternatives as per the new technology needs and analyze the performance and maintenance aspect. • Highly motivated, dependable trouble shooter and possess good analytical and problem-solving techniques. • In depth knowledge and hands on experience of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) and Project management processes. • Strong analytical ability, conceptualization, presentation and communication skills.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Priyesh-Dubey/cd079a9e5de18281?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   Software Developer  Microsoft  Worked as Individual Contributor in Technical Role  EDUCATION  MCA  MANIT  SKILLS  WPF (Less than 1 year), Web API, Azure, ASP.Net MVC, Design Patterns, WCF, C#  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Technical Skills  Microsoft Technologies C#.Net, WPF, WCF, ASP.Net MVC, Web API, Biztalk Server 2013 Cloud Azure Version Control Git, VSTS, SVN, IBM Rational Clear Case Scripting PowerShell Unit Test MOQ, VS Test, Microsoft Fakes, N-Unit
[872, 911] Nida Khan Tech Support Executive - Teleperformance for Microsoft  Jaipur, Rajasthan - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Nida-Khan/6c9160696f57efd8  • To be an integral part of the organization and enhance my knowledge to utilize it in a productive manner for the growth of the company and the global.  INDUSTRIAL TRAINING  • BHEL, (HEEP) HARIDWAR On CNC System&amp; PLC Programming.  WORK EXPERIENCE  Tech Support Executive  Teleperformance for Microsoft -  September 2017 to Present  process. • 21 months of experience in ADFC as Phone Banker.  EDUCATION  Bachelor of Technology in Electronics & communication Engg  GNIT institute of Technology -  Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh  2008 to 2012  Class XII  U.P. Board -  Bareilly, Uttar Pradesh  2007  Class X  U.P. Board -  Bareilly, Uttar Pradesh  2005  SKILLS  Microsoft office, excel, cisco, c language, cbs. (4 years)  https://www.indeed.com/r/Nida-Khan/6c9160696f57efd8?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN
[800, 858] Nida Khan Tech Support Executive - Teleperformance for Microsoft  Jaipur, Rajasthan - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Nida-Khan/6c9160696f57efd8  • To be an integral part of the organization and enhance my knowledge to utilize it in a productive manner for the growth of the company and the global.  INDUSTRIAL TRAINING  • BHEL, (HEEP) HARIDWAR On CNC System&amp; PLC Programming.  WORK EXPERIENCE  Tech Support Executive  Teleperformance for Microsoft -  September 2017 to Present  process. • 21 months of experience in ADFC as Phone Banker.  EDUCATION  Bachelor of Technology in Electronics & communication Engg  GNIT institute of Technology -  Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh  2008 to 2012  Class XII  U.P. Board -  Bareilly, Uttar Pradesh  2007  Class X  U.P. Board -  Bareilly, Uttar Pradesh  2005  SKILLS  Microsoft office, excel, cisco, c language, cbs. (4 years)  https://www.indeed.com/r/Nida-Khan/6c9160696f57efd8?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN
[612, 640] Nida Khan Tech Support Executive - Teleperformance for Microsoft  Jaipur, Rajasthan - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Nida-Khan/6c9160696f57efd8  • To be an integral part of the organization and enhance my knowledge to utilize it in a productive manner for the growth of the company and the global.  INDUSTRIAL TRAINING  • BHEL, (HEEP) HARIDWAR On CNC System&amp; PLC Programming.  WORK EXPERIENCE  Tech Support Executive  Teleperformance for Microsoft -  September 2017 to Present  process. • 21 months of experience in ADFC as Phone Banker.  EDUCATION  Bachelor of Technology in Electronics & communication Engg  GNIT institute of Technology -  Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh  2008 to 2012  Class XII  U.P. Board -  Bareilly, Uttar Pradesh  2007  Class X  U.P. Board -  Bareilly, Uttar Pradesh  2005  SKILLS  Microsoft office, excel, cisco, c language, cbs. (4 years)  https://www.indeed.com/r/Nida-Khan/6c9160696f57efd8?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN
[552, 609] Nida Khan Tech Support Executive - Teleperformance for Microsoft  Jaipur, Rajasthan - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Nida-Khan/6c9160696f57efd8  • To be an integral part of the organization and enhance my knowledge to utilize it in a productive manner for the growth of the company and the global.  INDUSTRIAL TRAINING  • BHEL, (HEEP) HARIDWAR On CNC System&amp; PLC Programming.  WORK EXPERIENCE  Tech Support Executive  Teleperformance for Microsoft -  September 2017 to Present  process. • 21 months of experience in ADFC as Phone Banker.  EDUCATION  Bachelor of Technology in Electronics & communication Engg  GNIT institute of Technology -  Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh  2008 to 2012  Class XII  U.P. Board -  Bareilly, Uttar Pradesh  2007  Class X  U.P. Board -  Bareilly, Uttar Pradesh  2005  SKILLS  Microsoft office, excel, cisco, c language, cbs. (4 years)  https://www.indeed.com/r/Nida-Khan/6c9160696f57efd8?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN
[420, 449] Nida Khan Tech Support Executive - Teleperformance for Microsoft  Jaipur, Rajasthan - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Nida-Khan/6c9160696f57efd8  • To be an integral part of the organization and enhance my knowledge to utilize it in a productive manner for the growth of the company and the global.  INDUSTRIAL TRAINING  • BHEL, (HEEP) HARIDWAR On CNC System&amp; PLC Programming.  WORK EXPERIENCE  Tech Support Executive  Teleperformance for Microsoft -  September 2017 to Present  process. • 21 months of experience in ADFC as Phone Banker.  EDUCATION  Bachelor of Technology in Electronics & communication Engg  GNIT institute of Technology -  Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh  2008 to 2012  Class XII  U.P. Board -  Bareilly, Uttar Pradesh  2007  Class X  U.P. Board -  Bareilly, Uttar Pradesh  2005  SKILLS  Microsoft office, excel, cisco, c language, cbs. (4 years)  https://www.indeed.com/r/Nida-Khan/6c9160696f57efd8?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN
[396, 418] Nida Khan Tech Support Executive - Teleperformance for Microsoft  Jaipur, Rajasthan - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Nida-Khan/6c9160696f57efd8  • To be an integral part of the organization and enhance my knowledge to utilize it in a productive manner for the growth of the company and the global.  INDUSTRIAL TRAINING  • BHEL, (HEEP) HARIDWAR On CNC System&amp; PLC Programming.  WORK EXPERIENCE  Tech Support Executive  Teleperformance for Microsoft -  September 2017 to Present  process. • 21 months of experience in ADFC as Phone Banker.  EDUCATION  Bachelor of Technology in Electronics & communication Engg  GNIT institute of Technology -  Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh  2008 to 2012  Class XII  U.P. Board -  Bareilly, Uttar Pradesh  2007  Class X  U.P. Board -  Bareilly, Uttar Pradesh  2005  SKILLS  Microsoft office, excel, cisco, c language, cbs. (4 years)  https://www.indeed.com/r/Nida-Khan/6c9160696f57efd8?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN
[1860, 1871] Akansha Jain Pune, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Akansha-Jain/b53674429e164cfc  I am looking for a career which will help me in unlocking and emancipating my potential and strength in order to grow with the Organization.  WORK EXPERIENCE  Developer  Microsoft -  Pune, Maharashtra -  August 2016 to Present  Role: Developer Team Size: 6 Description: Project involved developing dashboards for business owner to have insights for budget management and to analyze data post sales the source data was cleansed using SSIS and reports are created on Power BI desktop. Tools: ETL: SSIS Database: SQL SERVER 2014 Visualization: Power BI Role &amp; Responsibilities: • Data Cleansing and Data modification were done as per project requirements using SSIS. • Created Power BI dashboards for Sales and Post sales data. • Re-modelling of data sources based on underlying model, refresh strategies. • Optimization for ETL process and dashboards. • Dashboards are created in Power BI for actionable insights for Microsoft business owners  EDUCATION  B.TECH in Engineering  GRAPHIC ERA UNIVERSITY -  Dehra Dun, Uttarakhand  2012 to 2016  STEPPING STONES SCHOOL  2011 to 2012  SECONDRY SCHOOL, STEPPING STONES SCHOOL  2010 to 2011  senior secondary in PCM  SKILLS  BI (1 year), BUSINESS INTELLIGENCE (1 year), DATABASE (1 year), ETL (1 year), EXTRACT, TRANSFORM, AND LOAD (1 year)  https://www.indeed.com/r/Akansha-Jain/b53674429e164cfc?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  SKILLS ETL: Microsoft SSIS Reporting: Power BI Database: MS SQL SERVER 2016 Languages: SQL, PL/SQL  STRENGTHS: • Good Analytical and documentation skills  • Quickly integrates into a new environment • Good team worker, patient, responsible  DECLARATION  I hereby declare that the information given above is true to the best of my knowledge and belief Date: (Akansha Jain) Place: Pune
[1573, 1576] Akansha Jain Pune, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Akansha-Jain/b53674429e164cfc  I am looking for a career which will help me in unlocking and emancipating my potential and strength in order to grow with the Organization.  WORK EXPERIENCE  Developer  Microsoft -  Pune, Maharashtra -  August 2016 to Present  Role: Developer Team Size: 6 Description: Project involved developing dashboards for business owner to have insights for budget management and to analyze data post sales the source data was cleansed using SSIS and reports are created on Power BI desktop. Tools: ETL: SSIS Database: SQL SERVER 2014 Visualization: Power BI Role &amp; Responsibilities: • Data Cleansing and Data modification were done as per project requirements using SSIS. • Created Power BI dashboards for Sales and Post sales data. • Re-modelling of data sources based on underlying model, refresh strategies. • Optimization for ETL process and dashboards. • Dashboards are created in Power BI for actionable insights for Microsoft business owners  EDUCATION  B.TECH in Engineering  GRAPHIC ERA UNIVERSITY -  Dehra Dun, Uttarakhand  2012 to 2016  STEPPING STONES SCHOOL  2011 to 2012  SECONDRY SCHOOL, STEPPING STONES SCHOOL  2010 to 2011  senior secondary in PCM  SKILLS  BI (1 year), BUSINESS INTELLIGENCE (1 year), DATABASE (1 year), ETL (1 year), EXTRACT, TRANSFORM, AND LOAD (1 year)  https://www.indeed.com/r/Akansha-Jain/b53674429e164cfc?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  SKILLS ETL: Microsoft SSIS Reporting: Power BI Database: MS SQL SERVER 2016 Languages: SQL, PL/SQL  STRENGTHS: • Good Analytical and documentation skills  • Quickly integrates into a new environment • Good team worker, patient, responsible  DECLARATION  I hereby declare that the information given above is true to the best of my knowledge and belief Date: (Akansha Jain) Place: Pune
[1514, 1523] Akansha Jain Pune, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Akansha-Jain/b53674429e164cfc  I am looking for a career which will help me in unlocking and emancipating my potential and strength in order to grow with the Organization.  WORK EXPERIENCE  Developer  Microsoft -  Pune, Maharashtra -  August 2016 to Present  Role: Developer Team Size: 6 Description: Project involved developing dashboards for business owner to have insights for budget management and to analyze data post sales the source data was cleansed using SSIS and reports are created on Power BI desktop. Tools: ETL: SSIS Database: SQL SERVER 2014 Visualization: Power BI Role &amp; Responsibilities: • Data Cleansing and Data modification were done as per project requirements using SSIS. • Created Power BI dashboards for Sales and Post sales data. • Re-modelling of data sources based on underlying model, refresh strategies. • Optimization for ETL process and dashboards. • Dashboards are created in Power BI for actionable insights for Microsoft business owners  EDUCATION  B.TECH in Engineering  GRAPHIC ERA UNIVERSITY -  Dehra Dun, Uttarakhand  2012 to 2016  STEPPING STONES SCHOOL  2011 to 2012  SECONDRY SCHOOL, STEPPING STONES SCHOOL  2010 to 2011  senior secondary in PCM  SKILLS  BI (1 year), BUSINESS INTELLIGENCE (1 year), DATABASE (1 year), ETL (1 year), EXTRACT, TRANSFORM, AND LOAD (1 year)  https://www.indeed.com/r/Akansha-Jain/b53674429e164cfc?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  SKILLS ETL: Microsoft SSIS Reporting: Power BI Database: MS SQL SERVER 2016 Languages: SQL, PL/SQL  STRENGTHS: • Good Analytical and documentation skills  • Quickly integrates into a new environment • Good team worker, patient, responsible  DECLARATION  I hereby declare that the information given above is true to the best of my knowledge and belief Date: (Akansha Jain) Place: Pune
[1263, 1378] Akansha Jain Pune, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Akansha-Jain/b53674429e164cfc  I am looking for a career which will help me in unlocking and emancipating my potential and strength in order to grow with the Organization.  WORK EXPERIENCE  Developer  Microsoft -  Pune, Maharashtra -  August 2016 to Present  Role: Developer Team Size: 6 Description: Project involved developing dashboards for business owner to have insights for budget management and to analyze data post sales the source data was cleansed using SSIS and reports are created on Power BI desktop. Tools: ETL: SSIS Database: SQL SERVER 2014 Visualization: Power BI Role &amp; Responsibilities: • Data Cleansing and Data modification were done as per project requirements using SSIS. • Created Power BI dashboards for Sales and Post sales data. • Re-modelling of data sources based on underlying model, refresh strategies. • Optimization for ETL process and dashboards. • Dashboards are created in Power BI for actionable insights for Microsoft business owners  EDUCATION  B.TECH in Engineering  GRAPHIC ERA UNIVERSITY -  Dehra Dun, Uttarakhand  2012 to 2016  STEPPING STONES SCHOOL  2011 to 2012  SECONDRY SCHOOL, STEPPING STONES SCHOOL  2010 to 2011  senior secondary in PCM  SKILLS  BI (1 year), BUSINESS INTELLIGENCE (1 year), DATABASE (1 year), ETL (1 year), EXTRACT, TRANSFORM, AND LOAD (1 year)  https://www.indeed.com/r/Akansha-Jain/b53674429e164cfc?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  SKILLS ETL: Microsoft SSIS Reporting: Power BI Database: MS SQL SERVER 2016 Languages: SQL, PL/SQL  STRENGTHS: • Good Analytical and documentation skills  • Quickly integrates into a new environment • Good team worker, patient, responsible  DECLARATION  I hereby declare that the information given above is true to the best of my knowledge and belief Date: (Akansha Jain) Place: Pune
[1073, 1095] Akansha Jain Pune, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Akansha-Jain/b53674429e164cfc  I am looking for a career which will help me in unlocking and emancipating my potential and strength in order to grow with the Organization.  WORK EXPERIENCE  Developer  Microsoft -  Pune, Maharashtra -  August 2016 to Present  Role: Developer Team Size: 6 Description: Project involved developing dashboards for business owner to have insights for budget management and to analyze data post sales the source data was cleansed using SSIS and reports are created on Power BI desktop. Tools: ETL: SSIS Database: SQL SERVER 2014 Visualization: Power BI Role &amp; Responsibilities: • Data Cleansing and Data modification were done as per project requirements using SSIS. • Created Power BI dashboards for Sales and Post sales data. • Re-modelling of data sources based on underlying model, refresh strategies. • Optimization for ETL process and dashboards. • Dashboards are created in Power BI for actionable insights for Microsoft business owners  EDUCATION  B.TECH in Engineering  GRAPHIC ERA UNIVERSITY -  Dehra Dun, Uttarakhand  2012 to 2016  STEPPING STONES SCHOOL  2011 to 2012  SECONDRY SCHOOL, STEPPING STONES SCHOOL  2010 to 2011  senior secondary in PCM  SKILLS  BI (1 year), BUSINESS INTELLIGENCE (1 year), DATABASE (1 year), ETL (1 year), EXTRACT, TRANSFORM, AND LOAD (1 year)  https://www.indeed.com/r/Akansha-Jain/b53674429e164cfc?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  SKILLS ETL: Microsoft SSIS Reporting: Power BI Database: MS SQL SERVER 2016 Languages: SQL, PL/SQL  STRENGTHS: • Good Analytical and documentation skills  • Quickly integrates into a new environment • Good team worker, patient, responsible  DECLARATION  I hereby declare that the information given above is true to the best of my knowledge and belief Date: (Akansha Jain) Place: Pune
[1050, 1071] Akansha Jain Pune, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Akansha-Jain/b53674429e164cfc  I am looking for a career which will help me in unlocking and emancipating my potential and strength in order to grow with the Organization.  WORK EXPERIENCE  Developer  Microsoft -  Pune, Maharashtra -  August 2016 to Present  Role: Developer Team Size: 6 Description: Project involved developing dashboards for business owner to have insights for budget management and to analyze data post sales the source data was cleansed using SSIS and reports are created on Power BI desktop. Tools: ETL: SSIS Database: SQL SERVER 2014 Visualization: Power BI Role &amp; Responsibilities: • Data Cleansing and Data modification were done as per project requirements using SSIS. • Created Power BI dashboards for Sales and Post sales data. • Re-modelling of data sources based on underlying model, refresh strategies. • Optimization for ETL process and dashboards. • Dashboards are created in Power BI for actionable insights for Microsoft business owners  EDUCATION  B.TECH in Engineering  GRAPHIC ERA UNIVERSITY -  Dehra Dun, Uttarakhand  2012 to 2016  STEPPING STONES SCHOOL  2011 to 2012  SECONDRY SCHOOL, STEPPING STONES SCHOOL  2010 to 2011  senior secondary in PCM  SKILLS  BI (1 year), BUSINESS INTELLIGENCE (1 year), DATABASE (1 year), ETL (1 year), EXTRACT, TRANSFORM, AND LOAD (1 year)  https://www.indeed.com/r/Akansha-Jain/b53674429e164cfc?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  SKILLS ETL: Microsoft SSIS Reporting: Power BI Database: MS SQL SERVER 2016 Languages: SQL, PL/SQL  STRENGTHS: • Good Analytical and documentation skills  • Quickly integrates into a new environment • Good team worker, patient, responsible  DECLARATION  I hereby declare that the information given above is true to the best of my knowledge and belief Date: (Akansha Jain) Place: Pune
[1012, 1021] Akansha Jain Pune, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Akansha-Jain/b53674429e164cfc  I am looking for a career which will help me in unlocking and emancipating my potential and strength in order to grow with the Organization.  WORK EXPERIENCE  Developer  Microsoft -  Pune, Maharashtra -  August 2016 to Present  Role: Developer Team Size: 6 Description: Project involved developing dashboards for business owner to have insights for budget management and to analyze data post sales the source data was cleansed using SSIS and reports are created on Power BI desktop. Tools: ETL: SSIS Database: SQL SERVER 2014 Visualization: Power BI Role &amp; Responsibilities: • Data Cleansing and Data modification were done as per project requirements using SSIS. • Created Power BI dashboards for Sales and Post sales data. • Re-modelling of data sources based on underlying model, refresh strategies. • Optimization for ETL process and dashboards. • Dashboards are created in Power BI for actionable insights for Microsoft business owners  EDUCATION  B.TECH in Engineering  GRAPHIC ERA UNIVERSITY -  Dehra Dun, Uttarakhand  2012 to 2016  STEPPING STONES SCHOOL  2011 to 2012  SECONDRY SCHOOL, STEPPING STONES SCHOOL  2010 to 2011  senior secondary in PCM  SKILLS  BI (1 year), BUSINESS INTELLIGENCE (1 year), DATABASE (1 year), ETL (1 year), EXTRACT, TRANSFORM, AND LOAD (1 year)  https://www.indeed.com/r/Akansha-Jain/b53674429e164cfc?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  SKILLS ETL: Microsoft SSIS Reporting: Power BI Database: MS SQL SERVER 2016 Languages: SQL, PL/SQL  STRENGTHS: • Good Analytical and documentation skills  • Quickly integrates into a new environment • Good team worker, patient, responsible  DECLARATION  I hereby declare that the information given above is true to the best of my knowledge and belief Date: (Akansha Jain) Place: Pune
[1708, 1752] Urshila Lohani Senior Corporate Account Executive - MongoDB  Gurgaon, Haryana - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Urshila-Lohani/ab8d3dc6dd8b13f0  Willing to relocate: Anywhere  WORK EXPERIENCE  Senior Corporate Account Executive  MongoDB -  Gurgaon, Haryana -  May 2016 to Present  • Designed and implemented a 2-year sales strategy for South India Region; revenues grew 4X. • Trained sales team of 35 from 20 partner companies; revenues generated through partners increased 50%. • Led Business development team of 5 to build pipeline of 4X. • Acquired 32 new accounts with industry leaders including Intuit, IBM, Wipro, McAfee, Airtel, Religare and Adobe; 100% renewals in all existing accounts. • Initiated, designed and executed marketing events; attendees included 200 IT heads; generated $1M pipeline. • Ranked in top 5% of global sales team of 322; Awarded thrice for highest quarterly revenues in APAC. • Won Excellence Club Award in FY17 and FY18.  Account Manager  Red Hat -  Bengaluru, Karnataka -  June 2014 to May 2016  • Responsible for sales of entire Red Hat Product Portfolio in Mid market and Enterprise Accounts in West and South India Region. • Introduced Customer Success Program; renewals up 20%; revenues rose 12%. • Formulated sales strategies and achieved $4M in sales. • Won multiple awards (four quarters - highest revenues closed) and (2 consecutive years - 100% Club Award). • Improved brand presence in small cities and towns; inducted new partners; revenue driven by partner channels up 26% • Designed events engaging IT Directors & CxOs; penetrated 7 key accounts; generated $400K pipeline.  Account Manager  Oracle -  Noida, Uttar Pradesh -  May 2013 to May 2014  https://www.indeed.com/r/Urshila-Lohani/ab8d3dc6dd8b13f0?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   Business Development Rep  Oracle -  September 2011 to April 2013  • Responsible for MySQL, Oracle Linux and VM Sales in North Central US Region. • Generate opportunities using Linkedin, Hoovers, Job Portals, Marketing Leads and Oracle Install base. • Work closely with Channel Partners, Resellers and Oracle Internal Counterparts to increase customer base. • Designed & developed Pipeline Generation kits for Sales team of 12. • Awarded in Q1 and Q2 FY13 for highest quarterly achievement in the team; 100% Annual Quota achieved for FY12 and FY13. • Revamped email marketing campaigns led to 15% higher response rate. • Initiated a structured mentorship program for MySQL Team; Training times down by 2 Months; productivity up 50%.  EDUCATION  B Tech Honors in Technical  College of Engineering -  Roorkee, Uttarakhand  August 2007 to May 2011
[4232, 4330] Kandrapu Reddy Senior Travel Operations (Domestic, International & Leisure) - International Travel House Limited  Visakhapatnam, Andhra Pradesh - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Kandrapu- Reddy/69a289269ce9e1d1  To contribute for the success and expansion of an organization ensuring personal and professional growth by continuously increasing my skills, obtaining wide exposure at all levels where job demands efforts which include learning new concepts, Handling pressure situations and communicating ideas clearly and effectively.  PERSONAL SUMMARY: • Professionalism with reliable commitment towards work. • Dedicated to personnel and organization's development  Willing to relocate: Anywhere  WORK EXPERIENCE  Senior Travel Operations (Domestic, International & Leisure)  International Travel House Limited -  September 2016 to Present  International Travel House Limited an ITC Associated co.; An ISO 9001 Travel Company also a Network partner of Global Star Travel Management, offers a full range of travel management services in both corporate &amp; leisure travel.  This role provides the key responsibilities of:  • Handling Domestic and International GDS bookings &amp; Getting Confirmations from airlines for lower class fares. • Preparing Itineraries as per client requirement. • Having a continuous track over Mail, by giving swift response for client queries. • Issuing Flight tickets, Making leisure packages &amp; Hotel reservations. • Delivering Visa guidance for corporate queries. • Key focus on the Client maintenance with satisfaction, result design and industry development. • Preparing and submitting bills to the corporate clients on Fortnight basis every month. • Perform multi-tasking by looking into Car rental operation (Implant), By Allocating chauffer with cab as per the standards of company.  Travel consultant  RIYA TOURS AND TRAVELS PRIVATE .LIMITED -  Visakhapatnam, Andhra Pradesh -  https://www.indeed.com/r/Kandrapu-Reddy/69a289269ce9e1d1?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN https://www.indeed.com/r/Kandrapu-Reddy/69a289269ce9e1d1?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   February 2016 to July 2016  Riya Travels &amp; Tours has an extensive network of more than 50+ branch offices across India and 10 internationally by delivering travel services corporate &amp; Leisure.  This role provides the key responsibilities of:  • Handling Domestic and International GDS bookings (Amadeus &amp; Galileo). • Preparing Itineraries as per client requirement. • Having a continuous track over Mail, by giving swift response for client queries. • Issuing Flight tickets as per the client need. • Managing the most important corporates by me, to ensure the utmost service rendered to our esteemed clients on time and with precision. • Assistance regarding visa, tourism packages, hotels &amp; airport transfers.  Implant Infosys Travel consultant  Head quarters of BHARATH INTERNATIONAL TRAVELS PVT.LTD -  Mysore, Karnataka -  March 2015 to January 2016  Bharath International Travels (BIT), an ISO 9001:2008 Quality Assurance Compliant, is a leading IATA accredited travel company in Karnataka that offers the entire gamut of travel related services to business and leisure travelers.  This role provides the key responsibilities of: • Handling flight bookings &amp; Getting Confirmations from airlines. • Looking after travel requirements of Infosys Employees by giving swift response to their queries through mail. • Maintaining daily sales report by ensuring the given targets to be achieved. • Keys focus on providing quality service to the implant employees.  • Trained in AKBAR TRAVELS OF INDIA PVT.LTD, Visakhapatnam since 01st Aug, 2014 to 31st Feb, 2015.  Akbar Travels of India is the largest Travel Agent in India in terms of IATA approved Branches. Akbar Travels is approved by International Air Transport Association and is the member of prestigious trade bodies like Travel Agents Association of India, Travel Agents Federation of India and IATA Agents Association of India.  • Trained on Amadeus &amp; Galileo airline software's.  EDUCATION  B.B.A in Airport & Customer Care Management  NRI Junior College -  Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu  2016    S.S.C  K.D.P.M HIGH school -  Visakhapatnam, Andhra Pradesh  2012  SKILLS  AMADEUS (3 years), CLIENT MANAGEMENT (3 years), EXCEL (3 years), MS WORD (3 years), WORD (3 years)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  AREAS OF INTEREST: • Airline GDS Software's AMADEUS &amp; GALILEO. • Client Management. • Airline and Travel Management.  COMPUTER SKILLS: • Proficiency in using GDS Airline Software's Amadeus &amp; Galileo. • Proficiency in Microsoft [MS Word, Excel, Power Point] and working knowledge of the Internet.  STRENGHTS: • Self Confidence • Flexibility &amp; Adaptability • Quick Learner • Always try to overcome Weakness
[4058, 4101] Kandrapu Reddy Senior Travel Operations (Domestic, International & Leisure) - International Travel House Limited  Visakhapatnam, Andhra Pradesh - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Kandrapu- Reddy/69a289269ce9e1d1  To contribute for the success and expansion of an organization ensuring personal and professional growth by continuously increasing my skills, obtaining wide exposure at all levels where job demands efforts which include learning new concepts, Handling pressure situations and communicating ideas clearly and effectively.  PERSONAL SUMMARY: • Professionalism with reliable commitment towards work. • Dedicated to personnel and organization's development  Willing to relocate: Anywhere  WORK EXPERIENCE  Senior Travel Operations (Domestic, International & Leisure)  International Travel House Limited -  September 2016 to Present  International Travel House Limited an ITC Associated co.; An ISO 9001 Travel Company also a Network partner of Global Star Travel Management, offers a full range of travel management services in both corporate &amp; leisure travel.  This role provides the key responsibilities of:  • Handling Domestic and International GDS bookings &amp; Getting Confirmations from airlines for lower class fares. • Preparing Itineraries as per client requirement. • Having a continuous track over Mail, by giving swift response for client queries. • Issuing Flight tickets, Making leisure packages &amp; Hotel reservations. • Delivering Visa guidance for corporate queries. • Key focus on the Client maintenance with satisfaction, result design and industry development. • Preparing and submitting bills to the corporate clients on Fortnight basis every month. • Perform multi-tasking by looking into Car rental operation (Implant), By Allocating chauffer with cab as per the standards of company.  Travel consultant  RIYA TOURS AND TRAVELS PRIVATE .LIMITED -  Visakhapatnam, Andhra Pradesh -  https://www.indeed.com/r/Kandrapu-Reddy/69a289269ce9e1d1?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN https://www.indeed.com/r/Kandrapu-Reddy/69a289269ce9e1d1?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   February 2016 to July 2016  Riya Travels &amp; Tours has an extensive network of more than 50+ branch offices across India and 10 internationally by delivering travel services corporate &amp; Leisure.  This role provides the key responsibilities of:  • Handling Domestic and International GDS bookings (Amadeus &amp; Galileo). • Preparing Itineraries as per client requirement. • Having a continuous track over Mail, by giving swift response for client queries. • Issuing Flight tickets as per the client need. • Managing the most important corporates by me, to ensure the utmost service rendered to our esteemed clients on time and with precision. • Assistance regarding visa, tourism packages, hotels &amp; airport transfers.  Implant Infosys Travel consultant  Head quarters of BHARATH INTERNATIONAL TRAVELS PVT.LTD -  Mysore, Karnataka -  March 2015 to January 2016  Bharath International Travels (BIT), an ISO 9001:2008 Quality Assurance Compliant, is a leading IATA accredited travel company in Karnataka that offers the entire gamut of travel related services to business and leisure travelers.  This role provides the key responsibilities of: • Handling flight bookings &amp; Getting Confirmations from airlines. • Looking after travel requirements of Infosys Employees by giving swift response to their queries through mail. • Maintaining daily sales report by ensuring the given targets to be achieved. • Keys focus on providing quality service to the implant employees.  • Trained in AKBAR TRAVELS OF INDIA PVT.LTD, Visakhapatnam since 01st Aug, 2014 to 31st Feb, 2015.  Akbar Travels of India is the largest Travel Agent in India in terms of IATA approved Branches. Akbar Travels is approved by International Air Transport Association and is the member of prestigious trade bodies like Travel Agents Association of India, Travel Agents Federation of India and IATA Agents Association of India.  • Trained on Amadeus &amp; Galileo airline software's.  EDUCATION  B.B.A in Airport & Customer Care Management  NRI Junior College -  Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu  2016    S.S.C  K.D.P.M HIGH school -  Visakhapatnam, Andhra Pradesh  2012  SKILLS  AMADEUS (3 years), CLIENT MANAGEMENT (3 years), EXCEL (3 years), MS WORD (3 years), WORD (3 years)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  AREAS OF INTEREST: • Airline GDS Software's AMADEUS &amp; GALILEO. • Client Management. • Airline and Travel Management.  COMPUTER SKILLS: • Proficiency in using GDS Airline Software's Amadeus &amp; Galileo. • Proficiency in Microsoft [MS Word, Excel, Power Point] and working knowledge of the Internet.  STRENGHTS: • Self Confidence • Flexibility &amp; Adaptability • Quick Learner • Always try to overcome Weakness
[1877, 1890] Kandrapu Reddy Senior Travel Operations (Domestic, International & Leisure) - International Travel House Limited  Visakhapatnam, Andhra Pradesh - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Kandrapu- Reddy/69a289269ce9e1d1  To contribute for the success and expansion of an organization ensuring personal and professional growth by continuously increasing my skills, obtaining wide exposure at all levels where job demands efforts which include learning new concepts, Handling pressure situations and communicating ideas clearly and effectively.  PERSONAL SUMMARY: • Professionalism with reliable commitment towards work. • Dedicated to personnel and organization's development  Willing to relocate: Anywhere  WORK EXPERIENCE  Senior Travel Operations (Domestic, International & Leisure)  International Travel House Limited -  September 2016 to Present  International Travel House Limited an ITC Associated co.; An ISO 9001 Travel Company also a Network partner of Global Star Travel Management, offers a full range of travel management services in both corporate &amp; leisure travel.  This role provides the key responsibilities of:  • Handling Domestic and International GDS bookings &amp; Getting Confirmations from airlines for lower class fares. • Preparing Itineraries as per client requirement. • Having a continuous track over Mail, by giving swift response for client queries. • Issuing Flight tickets, Making leisure packages &amp; Hotel reservations. • Delivering Visa guidance for corporate queries. • Key focus on the Client maintenance with satisfaction, result design and industry development. • Preparing and submitting bills to the corporate clients on Fortnight basis every month. • Perform multi-tasking by looking into Car rental operation (Implant), By Allocating chauffer with cab as per the standards of company.  Travel consultant  RIYA TOURS AND TRAVELS PRIVATE .LIMITED -  Visakhapatnam, Andhra Pradesh -  https://www.indeed.com/r/Kandrapu-Reddy/69a289269ce9e1d1?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN https://www.indeed.com/r/Kandrapu-Reddy/69a289269ce9e1d1?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   February 2016 to July 2016  Riya Travels &amp; Tours has an extensive network of more than 50+ branch offices across India and 10 internationally by delivering travel services corporate &amp; Leisure.  This role provides the key responsibilities of:  • Handling Domestic and International GDS bookings (Amadeus &amp; Galileo). • Preparing Itineraries as per client requirement. • Having a continuous track over Mail, by giving swift response for client queries. • Issuing Flight tickets as per the client need. • Managing the most important corporates by me, to ensure the utmost service rendered to our esteemed clients on time and with precision. • Assistance regarding visa, tourism packages, hotels &amp; airport transfers.  Implant Infosys Travel consultant  Head quarters of BHARATH INTERNATIONAL TRAVELS PVT.LTD -  Mysore, Karnataka -  March 2015 to January 2016  Bharath International Travels (BIT), an ISO 9001:2008 Quality Assurance Compliant, is a leading IATA accredited travel company in Karnataka that offers the entire gamut of travel related services to business and leisure travelers.  This role provides the key responsibilities of: • Handling flight bookings &amp; Getting Confirmations from airlines. • Looking after travel requirements of Infosys Employees by giving swift response to their queries through mail. • Maintaining daily sales report by ensuring the given targets to be achieved. • Keys focus on providing quality service to the implant employees.  • Trained in AKBAR TRAVELS OF INDIA PVT.LTD, Visakhapatnam since 01st Aug, 2014 to 31st Feb, 2015.  Akbar Travels of India is the largest Travel Agent in India in terms of IATA approved Branches. Akbar Travels is approved by International Air Transport Association and is the member of prestigious trade bodies like Travel Agents Association of India, Travel Agents Federation of India and IATA Agents Association of India.  • Trained on Amadeus &amp; Galileo airline software's.  EDUCATION  B.B.A in Airport & Customer Care Management  NRI Junior College -  Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu  2016    S.S.C  K.D.P.M HIGH school -  Visakhapatnam, Andhra Pradesh  2012  SKILLS  AMADEUS (3 years), CLIENT MANAGEMENT (3 years), EXCEL (3 years), MS WORD (3 years), WORD (3 years)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  AREAS OF INTEREST: • Airline GDS Software's AMADEUS &amp; GALILEO. • Client Management. • Airline and Travel Management.  COMPUTER SKILLS: • Proficiency in using GDS Airline Software's Amadeus &amp; Galileo. • Proficiency in Microsoft [MS Word, Excel, Power Point] and working knowledge of the Internet.  STRENGHTS: • Self Confidence • Flexibility &amp; Adaptability • Quick Learner • Always try to overcome Weakness
[1210, 1247] Kavya U. Network Ops Associate - Accenture  Bengaluru, Karnataka - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Kavya-U/049577580b3814e6  Seeking for opportunities to learn and grow in electronics domain.  WORK EXPERIENCE  Network Ops Associate  Accenture -  Bengaluru, Karnataka -  December 2017 to Present  Exposure: • Provisioning of different types of network speeds for multiple clients. • Use of Mux designing for Logical cross connect and Physical patching. We co- ordinate with various ops and field engineers to do the connections at the physical level.  2) Organisation: QuadGen Wireless Engineering Services Pvt. Ltd., Bangalore. Position: Network Engineer Experience: 1 year Exposure: • RAN (Radio Access Network) Engineer. • New Site Build (NSB)  2) Organisation: Manipal Dot Net Pvt. Ltd., Manipal. Position: Intern Experience: 1 year Exposure: • Module coding and verification using Verilog HDL • Worked on Linux O.S. • Understanding of SPI, I2C protocols • Compilation using Altera Quartus • Simulation using ModelSim • Report preparation and documentation  EDUCATION  Little Rock Indian School  2007  Master of Science in Technology in Technology  School Of Information Sciences  VLSI Design  https://www.indeed.com/r/Kavya-U/049577580b3814e6?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   Manipal Academy of Higher Education  Bachelor of Engineering in Engineering  Srinivas Institute of Technology -  Mangalore, Karnataka  Electronics and Communication  Visvesvaraya Technological University  Vidyodaya P.U. College -  Udipi, Karnataka  SKILLS  coding (Less than 1 year), HDL (Less than 1 year), Microsoft office (Less than 1 year), MS OFFICE (Less than 1 year), UART (Less than 1 year)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Technical Skills • Verilog HDL • Knowledge of RTL coding, FSM based designs. • Understanding of UART, AMBA protocol • Platforms: Microsoft office, Libreoffice
[3909, 3931] Jatin Arora SDET Automation Engineer, Infosys - CRD (Capital Group of Companies)  Pehowa, Haryana - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Jatin-Arora/a124b9609f62fbcb  3.6 years of experience in Automation Testing tools like Selenium (C#), Java, dot Net Technology and other Testing tools like JIRA, QC. Proficient in testing on Client/Server and Web-based with good experience in creating the Test Plan and testing framework  • Experience in SQA including Selenium with data driven framework. • Experience in working on C# and dot net technologies. • Automated the Test data creation using Selenium as value added service for a client which is being used by the client and bought 30% cost reduction in data setup. • Developed Test Case Generator as value added services for client which reduced time and cost by 45% being spent on data creation and provide more productivity. • Developed an Infosys Go Safe Android App during participation in Global Hackathon • Excellent communications skills and able to liaise with key customer contacts and vendors to resolve software issues. • Having excellent problem solving and analytical skills  Competencies Developed:  Selenium WebDriver C# ADO.Net SQL HTML, CSS Java Unix Quality Center Atlassian JIRA MTM Microsoft SQL Server Visual Studio Rapid SQL Toad Confluence Eclipse Visual Studio BitBucket NUnit MindMaps  Testing Skills: SDLC, STLC, Test Planning, Requirement Analysis, Agile Methodology, DevOps Methodology, Scrum, Waterfall, Software Quality, Defect Tracking, Regression Testing, System Testing  WORK EXPERIENCE  SDET Automation Engineer, Infosys  CRD (Capital Group of Companies) -  Chandigarh, Chandigarh -  February 2017 to Present  CRD (Charles River Development IMS automates the compliance workflow and provides centralized compliance monitoring and management. The highly scalable compliance engine supports very high volumes of trades, compliance rules, accounts and group of accounts.  • Design and implemented test scenarios, test cases, QA processes and procedures. • Automated and delivered high quality automation scripts using C#. • Writing SQL queries to validate data from database. • Used BitBucket for code repository. • Communication with stakeholder for business and functional requirements  https://www.indeed.com/r/Jatin-Arora/a124b9609f62fbcb?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   • Perform requirements analysis and impact analysis for enhancements and changes • Creating weekly Test Unit creation and execution report  Infosys Training, Test Engineer Trainee  Next Generation Volume Licensing (Microsoft) -  Mysore, Karnataka -  August 2014 to November 2014  A detailed hands on training of C# and SQL concepts and testing training.  Test Engineer, Infosys  Next Generation Volume Licensing (Microsoft) -  Hyderabad, Telangana -  April 2014 to November 2014  Jan 2017  Project Next Generation Volume Licensing (NGVL) is a strategic change initiative led by World Wide Licensing &amp; Pricing (WWLP), Operations, MSIT, and Worldwide Operations in partnership with EPG, SMS&amp;P, and WPG to transform the Volume Licensing business so that it can scale for the next 20 years, compete more quickly in new markets, and deliver a superior licensing experience for our customers, partners, sellers, and operations personnel.  • Designed and implemented test scenarios, test cases, QA processes and procedures. • Automated and delivered high quality automation scripts with Selenium using C#. • Preparing SQLs for validating data in database. • Communicated with stakeholder for business and functional requirements • Performed requirement analysis and impact analysis for enhancements and changes • Logging and tracking defects and preparing backlog report • Created weekly Test Unit creation and execution report • Performed peer reviews and estimates which helped to automate 95% web site automation  EDUCATION  B.Sc in Computer Science  Kurukshetra University -  Kurukshetra, Haryana  Tagore Public School -  Pehowa, Haryana
[3883, 3907] Jatin Arora SDET Automation Engineer, Infosys - CRD (Capital Group of Companies)  Pehowa, Haryana - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Jatin-Arora/a124b9609f62fbcb  3.6 years of experience in Automation Testing tools like Selenium (C#), Java, dot Net Technology and other Testing tools like JIRA, QC. Proficient in testing on Client/Server and Web-based with good experience in creating the Test Plan and testing framework  • Experience in SQA including Selenium with data driven framework. • Experience in working on C# and dot net technologies. • Automated the Test data creation using Selenium as value added service for a client which is being used by the client and bought 30% cost reduction in data setup. • Developed Test Case Generator as value added services for client which reduced time and cost by 45% being spent on data creation and provide more productivity. • Developed an Infosys Go Safe Android App during participation in Global Hackathon • Excellent communications skills and able to liaise with key customer contacts and vendors to resolve software issues. • Having excellent problem solving and analytical skills  Competencies Developed:  Selenium WebDriver C# ADO.Net SQL HTML, CSS Java Unix Quality Center Atlassian JIRA MTM Microsoft SQL Server Visual Studio Rapid SQL Toad Confluence Eclipse Visual Studio BitBucket NUnit MindMaps  Testing Skills: SDLC, STLC, Test Planning, Requirement Analysis, Agile Methodology, DevOps Methodology, Scrum, Waterfall, Software Quality, Defect Tracking, Regression Testing, System Testing  WORK EXPERIENCE  SDET Automation Engineer, Infosys  CRD (Capital Group of Companies) -  Chandigarh, Chandigarh -  February 2017 to Present  CRD (Charles River Development IMS automates the compliance workflow and provides centralized compliance monitoring and management. The highly scalable compliance engine supports very high volumes of trades, compliance rules, accounts and group of accounts.  • Design and implemented test scenarios, test cases, QA processes and procedures. • Automated and delivered high quality automation scripts using C#. • Writing SQL queries to validate data from database. • Used BitBucket for code repository. • Communication with stakeholder for business and functional requirements  https://www.indeed.com/r/Jatin-Arora/a124b9609f62fbcb?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   • Perform requirements analysis and impact analysis for enhancements and changes • Creating weekly Test Unit creation and execution report  Infosys Training, Test Engineer Trainee  Next Generation Volume Licensing (Microsoft) -  Mysore, Karnataka -  August 2014 to November 2014  A detailed hands on training of C# and SQL concepts and testing training.  Test Engineer, Infosys  Next Generation Volume Licensing (Microsoft) -  Hyderabad, Telangana -  April 2014 to November 2014  Jan 2017  Project Next Generation Volume Licensing (NGVL) is a strategic change initiative led by World Wide Licensing &amp; Pricing (WWLP), Operations, MSIT, and Worldwide Operations in partnership with EPG, SMS&amp;P, and WPG to transform the Volume Licensing business so that it can scale for the next 20 years, compete more quickly in new markets, and deliver a superior licensing experience for our customers, partners, sellers, and operations personnel.  • Designed and implemented test scenarios, test cases, QA processes and procedures. • Automated and delivered high quality automation scripts with Selenium using C#. • Preparing SQLs for validating data in database. • Communicated with stakeholder for business and functional requirements • Performed requirement analysis and impact analysis for enhancements and changes • Logging and tracking defects and preparing backlog report • Created weekly Test Unit creation and execution report • Performed peer reviews and estimates which helped to automate 95% web site automation  EDUCATION  B.Sc in Computer Science  Kurukshetra University -  Kurukshetra, Haryana  Tagore Public School -  Pehowa, Haryana
[174, 183] Puran Mal Jaipur, Rajasthan - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Puran-Mal/357ea77b3b002be6  WORK EXPERIENCE  Admin assistant at Infosys limited  Front office work  EDUCATION  Bachelor's  SKILLS  Front office executive (1 year)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  TECHNICAL SKILL • Basic Knowledge of Computer operating • MS OFFICE (MS excel, Ms Word and Power Point) • With typing speed 25 wpm PERSONAL SKILL • Positive Attitude • Good decision making • Good communication skills • Confident • Have zeal to learn new things HOBBY • Listening music • traveling  https://www.indeed.com/r/Puran-Mal/357ea77b3b002be6?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN
[3996, 3999] Ramya. P Hyderabad, Telangana - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Ramya-P/00f125c7b9b95a35  ( 2 year Experience) • Working currently with Accenture services Pune as a Software Test Engineer with Client Accenture on British Telecom Open reach Project, using Agile Methodologies. • Experience in automating provision journey in QTP (UFT) • Good understanding of the project with deep domain knowledge of Telecom with respect to Provisioning and Assurance. • Expertise in functional, CST, Integration and E2E testing on CRM application for the BT Assurance journey with respect to different products. • Expertise in understanding of the new requirements and developing test cases for new features being implemented in the code base and executing them. • Good in understanding of the change with involvement in regular solution design discussions, technical changes discussions with Solution Designers and Stake holders accordingly. • Proficient with the SDLC, STLC and Defect life cycle. • Excellent communication skills with proficiency at grasping new technical concepts quickly and utilize the same in a productive manner. • Mentored new joiners on the Overall view of the project, Features and Functionality of Testing.  Willing to relocate: Anywhere  WORK EXPERIENCE  Software Engineer  Accenture -  Hyderabad, Telangana -  December 2015 to Present  BT Openreach (British Telecom)  BT Openreach is responsible for looking after the local network (connection from your property to local exchange) that makes the running of telecommunication services possible. BT helps to provide lines for telephone connection. It has products like PSTN, Ethernet, NGA, and LLU. BT acts as an intermediate between customer and connection provider. BT Openreach is a software module which manages BT business right from the placement of the order, managing appointments, monitoring status to order completion.  Role and Responsibilities:  • Performing a Sanity test on the application and working on stabilizing the test environment for smooth testing activities everyday SOP. • Assigning the task and updating the reports to management by collating the data of each individual in the team. • Testing the application with respect to CST, Integration, Functional, E2E and Regression testing. • Writing of Test Cases and execution based on the inputs such as customer requirements/test plan/test approach/ test techniques/ test strategies given based on the functionalities using Agile Methodologies.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Ramya-P/00f125c7b9b95a35?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   • Execution of test cases and bug reporting in Quality center • Coordinated with developers to get the bugs reproduced and resolved • Reviewing the release and build notes documents.  • Carry out regression testing every time when changes are made to the code to fix defects. • Regular involvement in RCA calls for the defects raised on daily basis and attending Scrum calls for updating the status of the stack present in a given timelines.  Liberty global international (LGI):  Presently working as a application support Engineer for LGI.  Roles and Responsibilities:  Daily monitoring servers heath check . Solving the incident using tools like nagious , splunk,graphana.  Acheviments: Received appreciation excuting high number of test cases with in the given time Received appreciation from Client for finding show stopper defects. Received appreciate for identifying P1 issue within the SLA  EDUCATION  BSc in Computer Science  vasundhara womens  2015  narayana jr.college  2012  SSC  pragathi high school  2010  SKILLS  Black Box (2 years), Black Box Testing (2 years), Database (Less than 1 year), java (Less than 1 year), logging (Less than 1 year), SQL (Less than 1 year), Nagious (Less than 1 year), Splunk (Less than 1 year), Manual Testing (2 years), SDLC&STLC (2 years)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Operating Systems: Windows, Languages: Core java Test Management Tool: HP Quality Center, HP ALM    Database mySQL Defect Management Tools: AIT ( Accenture Intelligent Testing), QC  Professional Skills:  • Proficient in overall Manual testing concepts. • Proficient in Functional E2E Testing, Black Box Testing, Regression Testing. • Good at analyzing the requirements and preparing assessments for the new requirements. • Expertise in Development of test cases for the new features being implemented using different test design techniques. This included Analysis of the Feature Documents and developing a strategy for testing the feature. • Good in defect logging and tracking activities till the closure of a defect using tools QC and AIT.
[1943, 2050] Chhaya Prabhale Kharadi, Pune, 411014, IN - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Chhaya- Prabhale/99700a3a95e3ccd7  This application is Used to information of customer and agency and to Check the reorder level of cylinder. Title: "Gas Agency System" Platform: MS Access  This application is used to store daily information of Cylinder, Customer. Printing Customer information, Employee information, Selling information and finding particular customer records etc.  WORK EXPERIENCE  DBA Client  Pune, Maharashtra -  June 2006 to Present  Experiance Summary:  ➢ Creation of tools (using Perl), shell scripting and PL-SQL for testing the quality of Data as per requirements. Creating reports / feedbacks. ➢ Able to create scripts for automation. ➢ Checking data fields contents by running shell scripts &amp; sql queries ➢ Database management like, conversion and manipulation of AND's Global Road Data using SQL and compiling them to AND's navigational road data. ➢ Developing PL-SQL models to fetch required data. ➢ Writing shell script for automation for support and system admin.  Project Name: Product Releasing Data 2018H2  Microsoft -  2007 to 2007  Testing of data is done by manually and customizing tools developed in Shell/Perl scripting. We modify the Shell scripts as per requirements &amp; to test the Drawing &amp; Image with modified scripts. The product is in Geographic data files (GDF) format this guides to the customer when the customer needs data up to a certain level. My Role: • Performed Black Box, Functional, Integration and Regression Testing of application. • Involved in creation and execution of test cases. • Reporting of bugs. Tools: Perl Scripts, Shell Scripts, Sql query, PL-SQL and in-house tools on Unix Sun Solaris  https://www.indeed.com/r/Chhaya-Prabhale/99700a3a95e3ccd7?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN https://www.indeed.com/r/Chhaya-Prabhale/99700a3a95e3ccd7?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   SKILLS  PERL (10+ years), SCRIPTING (10+ years), SQL (10+ years), DATABASE (10+ years), SHELL SCRIPTING (10+ years)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Key Skills:  ➢ Demonstrating responsibility and initiative with an emphasis on Teamwork &amp; Co- operation. ➢ Ability to work under high pressure while maintaining high standards of work. ➢ A highly consistent and pragmatic approach to problem solving.  Operating Systems: Windows (XP/2000), UNIX Sun Solaris 9. Linux (Red-hat-6) Scripts: Shell, Basic Perl (UNIX, Linux) Languages: C, C++, VB 6.0 Database: Oracle, MySQL, Access, DB2 Primary Skill: Unix shell scripting, Sql, perl (Intermediate Level), Pl-sql Test tools: Basic Knowledge of QTP, WIN RUNNER, Test Director  Strengths:  • Professional Programming Skill and experience. • Expert in working with various operating systems. • Exceptional Technical Skill. • Highly skilled in customer service. • Good deliver output in less time without losing efficiency. • Excellent Communication Skill. • Proven strength in problem solving, coordination and analysis.
[3054, 3363] Aarti Pimplay Operations Center Shift Manager (OCSM)  - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Aarti-Pimplay/778c7a91033a71ca  To work with an organization where I can contribute to the growth of the organization through my skill &amp; knowledge for mutual benefit and to learn and excel in highly competitive environment  WORK EXPERIENCE  Operations Center Shift Manager (OCSM)  Microsoft India -  August 2012 to January 2016  • Handling escalations, notifications, task organization, distribution of work, site status enquiries • Monitoring the Incidents handled by the team in real time • Supervising the reporting of Incidents to respective stake holders • Ensuring proper workflow of Incident and major incident processes are followed • Escalate events that have a potential MS impacts to Security Analyst or as directed by the Escalation Matrix • Initiate problem tickets based on the recurring incidents identified • Reviewing the problem records to ensure timely closure of issues • Responsible for publishing monthly SLA reports • Providing OJT, concurrent training • Global news monitoring (Monitor Global activities on a continual basis) • Responsible for administrative duties like reviewing performance Metrics, managing breaks/lunch (All stations), Shift Changeover Process and adherence, Policy Reviews and Updates, Supply and equipment requests, OCSM Pass-down Log, Inventory Control, Employee Recognition Requests, Disciplinary Actions, Annual Evaluations, Mentoring and Counselling • Maintain and share updates on emergency procedures • Develop and/or update all policies and procedures  Communication Supervisor  Microsoft India -  February 2011 to July 2012  • Managing all incidents based on the priorities • Publishing executive business notifications during outages • Responsible for all email communications in GSOC Asia • Global news monitoring • Handling and initiating Major Incident conference calls and assisting the respective teams  https://www.indeed.com/r/Aarti-Pimplay/778c7a91033a71ca?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   • Initiating bridge calls for P1 &amp; P2 Issues • Providing overall analysis of incidents by performing root cause analysis and quality checks • Provide supervision to assigned staff • Maintain an in-depth knowledge of emergency procedures, and adhere to same  Service Desk Analyst  SITEL -  September 2009 to January 2011  • Provided technical support to end users • Worked as part of escalation team to identify resolution and provide inputs to improve/create KB articles • Responsible for providing First Call Resolution • Providing Technical assistance to customers based on the priorities • Resolving Issues related to networking • Assist in configuring LAN, Modular Routers and TCP/IP • Troubleshooting Hardware and System performance issues • Working with Users to identify and rectify the issues pertaining to Internet and related services • Worked with different Antivirus Softwares - Installation and troubleshooting • Team SPOC for Quality and Compliance improvements  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  SKILLS • Ability to build teams and motivate them towards team goals • Effective Communication skills • Able to handle and overcome objections • Ability to work effectively in a team environment • Ability to adapt to the changes in organization along with successful implementation of the change in the system
[2333, 2339] Aarti Pimplay Operations Center Shift Manager (OCSM)  - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Aarti-Pimplay/778c7a91033a71ca  To work with an organization where I can contribute to the growth of the organization through my skill &amp; knowledge for mutual benefit and to learn and excel in highly competitive environment  WORK EXPERIENCE  Operations Center Shift Manager (OCSM)  Microsoft India -  August 2012 to January 2016  • Handling escalations, notifications, task organization, distribution of work, site status enquiries • Monitoring the Incidents handled by the team in real time • Supervising the reporting of Incidents to respective stake holders • Ensuring proper workflow of Incident and major incident processes are followed • Escalate events that have a potential MS impacts to Security Analyst or as directed by the Escalation Matrix • Initiate problem tickets based on the recurring incidents identified • Reviewing the problem records to ensure timely closure of issues • Responsible for publishing monthly SLA reports • Providing OJT, concurrent training • Global news monitoring (Monitor Global activities on a continual basis) • Responsible for administrative duties like reviewing performance Metrics, managing breaks/lunch (All stations), Shift Changeover Process and adherence, Policy Reviews and Updates, Supply and equipment requests, OCSM Pass-down Log, Inventory Control, Employee Recognition Requests, Disciplinary Actions, Annual Evaluations, Mentoring and Counselling • Maintain and share updates on emergency procedures • Develop and/or update all policies and procedures  Communication Supervisor  Microsoft India -  February 2011 to July 2012  • Managing all incidents based on the priorities • Publishing executive business notifications during outages • Responsible for all email communications in GSOC Asia • Global news monitoring • Handling and initiating Major Incident conference calls and assisting the respective teams  https://www.indeed.com/r/Aarti-Pimplay/778c7a91033a71ca?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   • Initiating bridge calls for P1 &amp; P2 Issues • Providing overall analysis of incidents by performing root cause analysis and quality checks • Provide supervision to assigned staff • Maintain an in-depth knowledge of emergency procedures, and adhere to same  Service Desk Analyst  SITEL -  September 2009 to January 2011  • Provided technical support to end users • Worked as part of escalation team to identify resolution and provide inputs to improve/create KB articles • Responsible for providing First Call Resolution • Providing Technical assistance to customers based on the priorities • Resolving Issues related to networking • Assist in configuring LAN, Modular Routers and TCP/IP • Troubleshooting Hardware and System performance issues • Working with Users to identify and rectify the issues pertaining to Internet and related services • Worked with different Antivirus Softwares - Installation and troubleshooting • Team SPOC for Quality and Compliance improvements  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  SKILLS • Ability to build teams and motivate them towards team goals • Effective Communication skills • Able to handle and overcome objections • Ability to work effectively in a team environment • Ability to adapt to the changes in organization along with successful implementation of the change in the system
[2311, 2331] Aarti Pimplay Operations Center Shift Manager (OCSM)  - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Aarti-Pimplay/778c7a91033a71ca  To work with an organization where I can contribute to the growth of the organization through my skill &amp; knowledge for mutual benefit and to learn and excel in highly competitive environment  WORK EXPERIENCE  Operations Center Shift Manager (OCSM)  Microsoft India -  August 2012 to January 2016  • Handling escalations, notifications, task organization, distribution of work, site status enquiries • Monitoring the Incidents handled by the team in real time • Supervising the reporting of Incidents to respective stake holders • Ensuring proper workflow of Incident and major incident processes are followed • Escalate events that have a potential MS impacts to Security Analyst or as directed by the Escalation Matrix • Initiate problem tickets based on the recurring incidents identified • Reviewing the problem records to ensure timely closure of issues • Responsible for publishing monthly SLA reports • Providing OJT, concurrent training • Global news monitoring (Monitor Global activities on a continual basis) • Responsible for administrative duties like reviewing performance Metrics, managing breaks/lunch (All stations), Shift Changeover Process and adherence, Policy Reviews and Updates, Supply and equipment requests, OCSM Pass-down Log, Inventory Control, Employee Recognition Requests, Disciplinary Actions, Annual Evaluations, Mentoring and Counselling • Maintain and share updates on emergency procedures • Develop and/or update all policies and procedures  Communication Supervisor  Microsoft India -  February 2011 to July 2012  • Managing all incidents based on the priorities • Publishing executive business notifications during outages • Responsible for all email communications in GSOC Asia • Global news monitoring • Handling and initiating Major Incident conference calls and assisting the respective teams  https://www.indeed.com/r/Aarti-Pimplay/778c7a91033a71ca?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   • Initiating bridge calls for P1 &amp; P2 Issues • Providing overall analysis of incidents by performing root cause analysis and quality checks • Provide supervision to assigned staff • Maintain an in-depth knowledge of emergency procedures, and adhere to same  Service Desk Analyst  SITEL -  September 2009 to January 2011  • Provided technical support to end users • Worked as part of escalation team to identify resolution and provide inputs to improve/create KB articles • Responsible for providing First Call Resolution • Providing Technical assistance to customers based on the priorities • Resolving Issues related to networking • Assist in configuring LAN, Modular Routers and TCP/IP • Troubleshooting Hardware and System performance issues • Working with Users to identify and rectify the issues pertaining to Internet and related services • Worked with different Antivirus Softwares - Installation and troubleshooting • Team SPOC for Quality and Compliance improvements  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  SKILLS • Ability to build teams and motivate them towards team goals • Effective Communication skills • Able to handle and overcome objections • Ability to work effectively in a team environment • Ability to adapt to the changes in organization along with successful implementation of the change in the system
[1622, 1639] Aarti Pimplay Operations Center Shift Manager (OCSM)  - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Aarti-Pimplay/778c7a91033a71ca  To work with an organization where I can contribute to the growth of the organization through my skill &amp; knowledge for mutual benefit and to learn and excel in highly competitive environment  WORK EXPERIENCE  Operations Center Shift Manager (OCSM)  Microsoft India -  August 2012 to January 2016  • Handling escalations, notifications, task organization, distribution of work, site status enquiries • Monitoring the Incidents handled by the team in real time • Supervising the reporting of Incidents to respective stake holders • Ensuring proper workflow of Incident and major incident processes are followed • Escalate events that have a potential MS impacts to Security Analyst or as directed by the Escalation Matrix • Initiate problem tickets based on the recurring incidents identified • Reviewing the problem records to ensure timely closure of issues • Responsible for publishing monthly SLA reports • Providing OJT, concurrent training • Global news monitoring (Monitor Global activities on a continual basis) • Responsible for administrative duties like reviewing performance Metrics, managing breaks/lunch (All stations), Shift Changeover Process and adherence, Policy Reviews and Updates, Supply and equipment requests, OCSM Pass-down Log, Inventory Control, Employee Recognition Requests, Disciplinary Actions, Annual Evaluations, Mentoring and Counselling • Maintain and share updates on emergency procedures • Develop and/or update all policies and procedures  Communication Supervisor  Microsoft India -  February 2011 to July 2012  • Managing all incidents based on the priorities • Publishing executive business notifications during outages • Responsible for all email communications in GSOC Asia • Global news monitoring • Handling and initiating Major Incident conference calls and assisting the respective teams  https://www.indeed.com/r/Aarti-Pimplay/778c7a91033a71ca?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   • Initiating bridge calls for P1 &amp; P2 Issues • Providing overall analysis of incidents by performing root cause analysis and quality checks • Provide supervision to assigned staff • Maintain an in-depth knowledge of emergency procedures, and adhere to same  Service Desk Analyst  SITEL -  September 2009 to January 2011  • Provided technical support to end users • Worked as part of escalation team to identify resolution and provide inputs to improve/create KB articles • Responsible for providing First Call Resolution • Providing Technical assistance to customers based on the priorities • Resolving Issues related to networking • Assist in configuring LAN, Modular Routers and TCP/IP • Troubleshooting Hardware and System performance issues • Working with Users to identify and rectify the issues pertaining to Internet and related services • Worked with different Antivirus Softwares - Installation and troubleshooting • Team SPOC for Quality and Compliance improvements  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  SKILLS • Ability to build teams and motivate them towards team goals • Effective Communication skills • Able to handle and overcome objections • Ability to work effectively in a team environment • Ability to adapt to the changes in organization along with successful implementation of the change in the system
[370, 387] Aarti Pimplay Operations Center Shift Manager (OCSM)  - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Aarti-Pimplay/778c7a91033a71ca  To work with an organization where I can contribute to the growth of the organization through my skill &amp; knowledge for mutual benefit and to learn and excel in highly competitive environment  WORK EXPERIENCE  Operations Center Shift Manager (OCSM)  Microsoft India -  August 2012 to January 2016  • Handling escalations, notifications, task organization, distribution of work, site status enquiries • Monitoring the Incidents handled by the team in real time • Supervising the reporting of Incidents to respective stake holders • Ensuring proper workflow of Incident and major incident processes are followed • Escalate events that have a potential MS impacts to Security Analyst or as directed by the Escalation Matrix • Initiate problem tickets based on the recurring incidents identified • Reviewing the problem records to ensure timely closure of issues • Responsible for publishing monthly SLA reports • Providing OJT, concurrent training • Global news monitoring (Monitor Global activities on a continual basis) • Responsible for administrative duties like reviewing performance Metrics, managing breaks/lunch (All stations), Shift Changeover Process and adherence, Policy Reviews and Updates, Supply and equipment requests, OCSM Pass-down Log, Inventory Control, Employee Recognition Requests, Disciplinary Actions, Annual Evaluations, Mentoring and Counselling • Maintain and share updates on emergency procedures • Develop and/or update all policies and procedures  Communication Supervisor  Microsoft India -  February 2011 to July 2012  • Managing all incidents based on the priorities • Publishing executive business notifications during outages • Responsible for all email communications in GSOC Asia • Global news monitoring • Handling and initiating Major Incident conference calls and assisting the respective teams  https://www.indeed.com/r/Aarti-Pimplay/778c7a91033a71ca?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   • Initiating bridge calls for P1 &amp; P2 Issues • Providing overall analysis of incidents by performing root cause analysis and quality checks • Provide supervision to assigned staff • Maintain an in-depth knowledge of emergency procedures, and adhere to same  Service Desk Analyst  SITEL -  September 2009 to January 2011  • Provided technical support to end users • Worked as part of escalation team to identify resolution and provide inputs to improve/create KB articles • Responsible for providing First Call Resolution • Providing Technical assistance to customers based on the priorities • Resolving Issues related to networking • Assist in configuring LAN, Modular Routers and TCP/IP • Troubleshooting Hardware and System performance issues • Working with Users to identify and rectify the issues pertaining to Internet and related services • Worked with different Antivirus Softwares - Installation and troubleshooting • Team SPOC for Quality and Compliance improvements  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  SKILLS • Ability to build teams and motivate them towards team goals • Effective Communication skills • Able to handle and overcome objections • Ability to work effectively in a team environment • Ability to adapt to the changes in organization along with successful implementation of the change in the system
[330, 368] Aarti Pimplay Operations Center Shift Manager (OCSM)  - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Aarti-Pimplay/778c7a91033a71ca  To work with an organization where I can contribute to the growth of the organization through my skill &amp; knowledge for mutual benefit and to learn and excel in highly competitive environment  WORK EXPERIENCE  Operations Center Shift Manager (OCSM)  Microsoft India -  August 2012 to January 2016  • Handling escalations, notifications, task organization, distribution of work, site status enquiries • Monitoring the Incidents handled by the team in real time • Supervising the reporting of Incidents to respective stake holders • Ensuring proper workflow of Incident and major incident processes are followed • Escalate events that have a potential MS impacts to Security Analyst or as directed by the Escalation Matrix • Initiate problem tickets based on the recurring incidents identified • Reviewing the problem records to ensure timely closure of issues • Responsible for publishing monthly SLA reports • Providing OJT, concurrent training • Global news monitoring (Monitor Global activities on a continual basis) • Responsible for administrative duties like reviewing performance Metrics, managing breaks/lunch (All stations), Shift Changeover Process and adherence, Policy Reviews and Updates, Supply and equipment requests, OCSM Pass-down Log, Inventory Control, Employee Recognition Requests, Disciplinary Actions, Annual Evaluations, Mentoring and Counselling • Maintain and share updates on emergency procedures • Develop and/or update all policies and procedures  Communication Supervisor  Microsoft India -  February 2011 to July 2012  • Managing all incidents based on the priorities • Publishing executive business notifications during outages • Responsible for all email communications in GSOC Asia • Global news monitoring • Handling and initiating Major Incident conference calls and assisting the respective teams  https://www.indeed.com/r/Aarti-Pimplay/778c7a91033a71ca?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   • Initiating bridge calls for P1 &amp; P2 Issues • Providing overall analysis of incidents by performing root cause analysis and quality checks • Provide supervision to assigned staff • Maintain an in-depth knowledge of emergency procedures, and adhere to same  Service Desk Analyst  SITEL -  September 2009 to January 2011  • Provided technical support to end users • Worked as part of escalation team to identify resolution and provide inputs to improve/create KB articles • Responsible for providing First Call Resolution • Providing Technical assistance to customers based on the priorities • Resolving Issues related to networking • Assist in configuring LAN, Modular Routers and TCP/IP • Troubleshooting Hardware and System performance issues • Working with Users to identify and rectify the issues pertaining to Internet and related services • Worked with different Antivirus Softwares - Installation and troubleshooting • Team SPOC for Quality and Compliance improvements  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  SKILLS • Ability to build teams and motivate them towards team goals • Effective Communication skills • Able to handle and overcome objections • Ability to work effectively in a team environment • Ability to adapt to the changes in organization along with successful implementation of the change in the system
[3828, 3931] Ashish Indoriya Sr. Systems Engineer at Infosys Limited  Hyderabad, Telangana - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Ashish- Indoriya/84f99c99ebe940be  • Master of Computer Application (MCA) from Bhilai Institute of Technology, Durg, 2014. • Having 3.3 years of Experience on Software Development at Infosys limited. • Extensive working experience on Java, Spring, Hibernate and SQL • Knowledge of design patterns such as Singleton, Factory, Façade, Observer and MVC. • Knowledge of Front-end web development using JavaScript, JQuery, CSS &amp; HTML. • Having knowledge of Oracle SQL Database. • Reliable as a fully contributing, responsible and accountable member of task/ project teams with highly honed creative, logical and analytical approach. • Automated some of HRMS processes like Hiring, transfer, termination to help speed up the QA process. • Hands on knowledge of C, C++ including advanced concepts such as pointers and Dynamic Memory Management. • Learning Hadoop and Big data analysis using Apache pig, hive and map reduce. • Learning Scala with Spark for Big Data analysis  Willing to relocate to: hyderbad, Telangana  WORK EXPERIENCE  Sr. Systems Engineer at Infosys Limited  Fidelity Investments -  March 2015 to February 2018  Roles &amp; Responsibilities: Description: This is an HRMS customization in Java programming language with Spring, SQL and JavaScript. A web based highly complex application to manage the processes of HRMS, with different types of reports. It's critical as the information managed directly or indirectly affects the payroll of the employees.  • Involved in Requirement Analysis and interaction with clients • Involved in designing of Functional Design Document • Involved in designing of Technical Design Document • Responsible for implementing Business Logic using Java Programming Language as per requirements • Involved in developing SQL scripts for various reports to pull data from HRMS Application database • Automated some of HRMS processes like Hiring, transfer, termination to help speed up the QA process • Involved in Zero Distance team to help the client reduce the manual work and worked on Excel Macro for Tax Calculation automation • Involved in development of java module to remove duplicates or invalid entry from XML configuration file  https://www.indeed.com/r/Ashish-Indoriya/84f99c99ebe940be?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN https://www.indeed.com/r/Ashish-Indoriya/84f99c99ebe940be?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   Infosys Internal Project: Excel to RDBMS data load application An application to load data from Excel sheets to any database Description: Much of the legacy as well as current information was available in excel sheets within the organization, this application targets to keep them in database for availability, accessibility, faster retrievals and better organization. • Flexible application to load data from different excel sheets with minimum configurations • Applied Industry standard Design patterns like Singleton, Observer and Strategy • Responsible for end to end application  Achievements and Co-curricular Activities: Achievement • Awarded Memento by client for outstanding contribution and client satisfaction • Infy Insta Award for outstanding contribution and being reliable team member • IBM DB2 Academic Associate: DB2 Database and Application Fundamentals.  EDUCATION  Secondary School Certificate in Design Pattern  Chhattisgarh Board of Secondary Education -  Raipur, Chhattisgarh  August 2010  Master of Computer Applications in Computer Applications  Bhilai Institute of Technology -  Bhilai, Chhattisgarh  Bachelor of Computer Applications in Computer Applications  C V Raman University Bilaspur -  Raman, Punjab  Secondary School Certificate  Chhattisgarh Board of Secondary Education -  Raipur, Chhattisgarh  SKILLS  Java, SQL, J2EE, Sping, Hibernate, JavaScript, HTML, CSS  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Serving notice period
[3753, 3794] Ashish Indoriya Sr. Systems Engineer at Infosys Limited  Hyderabad, Telangana - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Ashish- Indoriya/84f99c99ebe940be  • Master of Computer Application (MCA) from Bhilai Institute of Technology, Durg, 2014. • Having 3.3 years of Experience on Software Development at Infosys limited. • Extensive working experience on Java, Spring, Hibernate and SQL • Knowledge of design patterns such as Singleton, Factory, Façade, Observer and MVC. • Knowledge of Front-end web development using JavaScript, JQuery, CSS &amp; HTML. • Having knowledge of Oracle SQL Database. • Reliable as a fully contributing, responsible and accountable member of task/ project teams with highly honed creative, logical and analytical approach. • Automated some of HRMS processes like Hiring, transfer, termination to help speed up the QA process. • Hands on knowledge of C, C++ including advanced concepts such as pointers and Dynamic Memory Management. • Learning Hadoop and Big data analysis using Apache pig, hive and map reduce. • Learning Scala with Spark for Big Data analysis  Willing to relocate to: hyderbad, Telangana  WORK EXPERIENCE  Sr. Systems Engineer at Infosys Limited  Fidelity Investments -  March 2015 to February 2018  Roles &amp; Responsibilities: Description: This is an HRMS customization in Java programming language with Spring, SQL and JavaScript. A web based highly complex application to manage the processes of HRMS, with different types of reports. It's critical as the information managed directly or indirectly affects the payroll of the employees.  • Involved in Requirement Analysis and interaction with clients • Involved in designing of Functional Design Document • Involved in designing of Technical Design Document • Responsible for implementing Business Logic using Java Programming Language as per requirements • Involved in developing SQL scripts for various reports to pull data from HRMS Application database • Automated some of HRMS processes like Hiring, transfer, termination to help speed up the QA process • Involved in Zero Distance team to help the client reduce the manual work and worked on Excel Macro for Tax Calculation automation • Involved in development of java module to remove duplicates or invalid entry from XML configuration file  https://www.indeed.com/r/Ashish-Indoriya/84f99c99ebe940be?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN https://www.indeed.com/r/Ashish-Indoriya/84f99c99ebe940be?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   Infosys Internal Project: Excel to RDBMS data load application An application to load data from Excel sheets to any database Description: Much of the legacy as well as current information was available in excel sheets within the organization, this application targets to keep them in database for availability, accessibility, faster retrievals and better organization. • Flexible application to load data from different excel sheets with minimum configurations • Applied Industry standard Design patterns like Singleton, Observer and Strategy • Responsible for end to end application  Achievements and Co-curricular Activities: Achievement • Awarded Memento by client for outstanding contribution and client satisfaction • Infy Insta Award for outstanding contribution and being reliable team member • IBM DB2 Academic Associate: DB2 Database and Application Fundamentals.  EDUCATION  Secondary School Certificate in Design Pattern  Chhattisgarh Board of Secondary Education -  Raipur, Chhattisgarh  August 2010  Master of Computer Applications in Computer Applications  Bhilai Institute of Technology -  Bhilai, Chhattisgarh  Bachelor of Computer Applications in Computer Applications  C V Raman University Bilaspur -  Raman, Punjab  Secondary School Certificate  Chhattisgarh Board of Secondary Education -  Raipur, Chhattisgarh  SKILLS  Java, SQL, J2EE, Sping, Hibernate, JavaScript, HTML, CSS  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Serving notice period
[3675, 3703] Ashish Indoriya Sr. Systems Engineer at Infosys Limited  Hyderabad, Telangana - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Ashish- Indoriya/84f99c99ebe940be  • Master of Computer Application (MCA) from Bhilai Institute of Technology, Durg, 2014. • Having 3.3 years of Experience on Software Development at Infosys limited. • Extensive working experience on Java, Spring, Hibernate and SQL • Knowledge of design patterns such as Singleton, Factory, Façade, Observer and MVC. • Knowledge of Front-end web development using JavaScript, JQuery, CSS &amp; HTML. • Having knowledge of Oracle SQL Database. • Reliable as a fully contributing, responsible and accountable member of task/ project teams with highly honed creative, logical and analytical approach. • Automated some of HRMS processes like Hiring, transfer, termination to help speed up the QA process. • Hands on knowledge of C, C++ including advanced concepts such as pointers and Dynamic Memory Management. • Learning Hadoop and Big data analysis using Apache pig, hive and map reduce. • Learning Scala with Spark for Big Data analysis  Willing to relocate to: hyderbad, Telangana  WORK EXPERIENCE  Sr. Systems Engineer at Infosys Limited  Fidelity Investments -  March 2015 to February 2018  Roles &amp; Responsibilities: Description: This is an HRMS customization in Java programming language with Spring, SQL and JavaScript. A web based highly complex application to manage the processes of HRMS, with different types of reports. It's critical as the information managed directly or indirectly affects the payroll of the employees.  • Involved in Requirement Analysis and interaction with clients • Involved in designing of Functional Design Document • Involved in designing of Technical Design Document • Responsible for implementing Business Logic using Java Programming Language as per requirements • Involved in developing SQL scripts for various reports to pull data from HRMS Application database • Automated some of HRMS processes like Hiring, transfer, termination to help speed up the QA process • Involved in Zero Distance team to help the client reduce the manual work and worked on Excel Macro for Tax Calculation automation • Involved in development of java module to remove duplicates or invalid entry from XML configuration file  https://www.indeed.com/r/Ashish-Indoriya/84f99c99ebe940be?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN https://www.indeed.com/r/Ashish-Indoriya/84f99c99ebe940be?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   Infosys Internal Project: Excel to RDBMS data load application An application to load data from Excel sheets to any database Description: Much of the legacy as well as current information was available in excel sheets within the organization, this application targets to keep them in database for availability, accessibility, faster retrievals and better organization. • Flexible application to load data from different excel sheets with minimum configurations • Applied Industry standard Design patterns like Singleton, Observer and Strategy • Responsible for end to end application  Achievements and Co-curricular Activities: Achievement • Awarded Memento by client for outstanding contribution and client satisfaction • Infy Insta Award for outstanding contribution and being reliable team member • IBM DB2 Academic Associate: DB2 Database and Application Fundamentals.  EDUCATION  Secondary School Certificate in Design Pattern  Chhattisgarh Board of Secondary Education -  Raipur, Chhattisgarh  August 2010  Master of Computer Applications in Computer Applications  Bhilai Institute of Technology -  Bhilai, Chhattisgarh  Bachelor of Computer Applications in Computer Applications  C V Raman University Bilaspur -  Raman, Punjab  Secondary School Certificate  Chhattisgarh Board of Secondary Education -  Raipur, Chhattisgarh  SKILLS  Java, SQL, J2EE, Sping, Hibernate, JavaScript, HTML, CSS  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Serving notice period
[3615, 3673] Ashish Indoriya Sr. Systems Engineer at Infosys Limited  Hyderabad, Telangana - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Ashish- Indoriya/84f99c99ebe940be  • Master of Computer Application (MCA) from Bhilai Institute of Technology, Durg, 2014. • Having 3.3 years of Experience on Software Development at Infosys limited. • Extensive working experience on Java, Spring, Hibernate and SQL • Knowledge of design patterns such as Singleton, Factory, Façade, Observer and MVC. • Knowledge of Front-end web development using JavaScript, JQuery, CSS &amp; HTML. • Having knowledge of Oracle SQL Database. • Reliable as a fully contributing, responsible and accountable member of task/ project teams with highly honed creative, logical and analytical approach. • Automated some of HRMS processes like Hiring, transfer, termination to help speed up the QA process. • Hands on knowledge of C, C++ including advanced concepts such as pointers and Dynamic Memory Management. • Learning Hadoop and Big data analysis using Apache pig, hive and map reduce. • Learning Scala with Spark for Big Data analysis  Willing to relocate to: hyderbad, Telangana  WORK EXPERIENCE  Sr. Systems Engineer at Infosys Limited  Fidelity Investments -  March 2015 to February 2018  Roles &amp; Responsibilities: Description: This is an HRMS customization in Java programming language with Spring, SQL and JavaScript. A web based highly complex application to manage the processes of HRMS, with different types of reports. It's critical as the information managed directly or indirectly affects the payroll of the employees.  • Involved in Requirement Analysis and interaction with clients • Involved in designing of Functional Design Document • Involved in designing of Technical Design Document • Responsible for implementing Business Logic using Java Programming Language as per requirements • Involved in developing SQL scripts for various reports to pull data from HRMS Application database • Automated some of HRMS processes like Hiring, transfer, termination to help speed up the QA process • Involved in Zero Distance team to help the client reduce the manual work and worked on Excel Macro for Tax Calculation automation • Involved in development of java module to remove duplicates or invalid entry from XML configuration file  https://www.indeed.com/r/Ashish-Indoriya/84f99c99ebe940be?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN https://www.indeed.com/r/Ashish-Indoriya/84f99c99ebe940be?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   Infosys Internal Project: Excel to RDBMS data load application An application to load data from Excel sheets to any database Description: Much of the legacy as well as current information was available in excel sheets within the organization, this application targets to keep them in database for availability, accessibility, faster retrievals and better organization. • Flexible application to load data from different excel sheets with minimum configurations • Applied Industry standard Design patterns like Singleton, Observer and Strategy • Responsible for end to end application  Achievements and Co-curricular Activities: Achievement • Awarded Memento by client for outstanding contribution and client satisfaction • Infy Insta Award for outstanding contribution and being reliable team member • IBM DB2 Academic Associate: DB2 Database and Application Fundamentals.  EDUCATION  Secondary School Certificate in Design Pattern  Chhattisgarh Board of Secondary Education -  Raipur, Chhattisgarh  August 2010  Master of Computer Applications in Computer Applications  Bhilai Institute of Technology -  Bhilai, Chhattisgarh  Bachelor of Computer Applications in Computer Applications  C V Raman University Bilaspur -  Raman, Punjab  Secondary School Certificate  Chhattisgarh Board of Secondary Education -  Raipur, Chhattisgarh  SKILLS  Java, SQL, J2EE, Sping, Hibernate, JavaScript, HTML, CSS  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Serving notice period
[3559, 3589] Ashish Indoriya Sr. Systems Engineer at Infosys Limited  Hyderabad, Telangana - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Ashish- Indoriya/84f99c99ebe940be  • Master of Computer Application (MCA) from Bhilai Institute of Technology, Durg, 2014. • Having 3.3 years of Experience on Software Development at Infosys limited. • Extensive working experience on Java, Spring, Hibernate and SQL • Knowledge of design patterns such as Singleton, Factory, Façade, Observer and MVC. • Knowledge of Front-end web development using JavaScript, JQuery, CSS &amp; HTML. • Having knowledge of Oracle SQL Database. • Reliable as a fully contributing, responsible and accountable member of task/ project teams with highly honed creative, logical and analytical approach. • Automated some of HRMS processes like Hiring, transfer, termination to help speed up the QA process. • Hands on knowledge of C, C++ including advanced concepts such as pointers and Dynamic Memory Management. • Learning Hadoop and Big data analysis using Apache pig, hive and map reduce. • Learning Scala with Spark for Big Data analysis  Willing to relocate to: hyderbad, Telangana  WORK EXPERIENCE  Sr. Systems Engineer at Infosys Limited  Fidelity Investments -  March 2015 to February 2018  Roles &amp; Responsibilities: Description: This is an HRMS customization in Java programming language with Spring, SQL and JavaScript. A web based highly complex application to manage the processes of HRMS, with different types of reports. It's critical as the information managed directly or indirectly affects the payroll of the employees.  • Involved in Requirement Analysis and interaction with clients • Involved in designing of Functional Design Document • Involved in designing of Technical Design Document • Responsible for implementing Business Logic using Java Programming Language as per requirements • Involved in developing SQL scripts for various reports to pull data from HRMS Application database • Automated some of HRMS processes like Hiring, transfer, termination to help speed up the QA process • Involved in Zero Distance team to help the client reduce the manual work and worked on Excel Macro for Tax Calculation automation • Involved in development of java module to remove duplicates or invalid entry from XML configuration file  https://www.indeed.com/r/Ashish-Indoriya/84f99c99ebe940be?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN https://www.indeed.com/r/Ashish-Indoriya/84f99c99ebe940be?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   Infosys Internal Project: Excel to RDBMS data load application An application to load data from Excel sheets to any database Description: Much of the legacy as well as current information was available in excel sheets within the organization, this application targets to keep them in database for availability, accessibility, faster retrievals and better organization. • Flexible application to load data from different excel sheets with minimum configurations • Applied Industry standard Design patterns like Singleton, Observer and Strategy • Responsible for end to end application  Achievements and Co-curricular Activities: Achievement • Awarded Memento by client for outstanding contribution and client satisfaction • Infy Insta Award for outstanding contribution and being reliable team member • IBM DB2 Academic Associate: DB2 Database and Application Fundamentals.  EDUCATION  Secondary School Certificate in Design Pattern  Chhattisgarh Board of Secondary Education -  Raipur, Chhattisgarh  August 2010  Master of Computer Applications in Computer Applications  Bhilai Institute of Technology -  Bhilai, Chhattisgarh  Bachelor of Computer Applications in Computer Applications  C V Raman University Bilaspur -  Raman, Punjab  Secondary School Certificate  Chhattisgarh Board of Secondary Education -  Raipur, Chhattisgarh  SKILLS  Java, SQL, J2EE, Sping, Hibernate, JavaScript, HTML, CSS  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Serving notice period
[3501, 3557] Ashish Indoriya Sr. Systems Engineer at Infosys Limited  Hyderabad, Telangana - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Ashish- Indoriya/84f99c99ebe940be  • Master of Computer Application (MCA) from Bhilai Institute of Technology, Durg, 2014. • Having 3.3 years of Experience on Software Development at Infosys limited. • Extensive working experience on Java, Spring, Hibernate and SQL • Knowledge of design patterns such as Singleton, Factory, Façade, Observer and MVC. • Knowledge of Front-end web development using JavaScript, JQuery, CSS &amp; HTML. • Having knowledge of Oracle SQL Database. • Reliable as a fully contributing, responsible and accountable member of task/ project teams with highly honed creative, logical and analytical approach. • Automated some of HRMS processes like Hiring, transfer, termination to help speed up the QA process. • Hands on knowledge of C, C++ including advanced concepts such as pointers and Dynamic Memory Management. • Learning Hadoop and Big data analysis using Apache pig, hive and map reduce. • Learning Scala with Spark for Big Data analysis  Willing to relocate to: hyderbad, Telangana  WORK EXPERIENCE  Sr. Systems Engineer at Infosys Limited  Fidelity Investments -  March 2015 to February 2018  Roles &amp; Responsibilities: Description: This is an HRMS customization in Java programming language with Spring, SQL and JavaScript. A web based highly complex application to manage the processes of HRMS, with different types of reports. It's critical as the information managed directly or indirectly affects the payroll of the employees.  • Involved in Requirement Analysis and interaction with clients • Involved in designing of Functional Design Document • Involved in designing of Technical Design Document • Responsible for implementing Business Logic using Java Programming Language as per requirements • Involved in developing SQL scripts for various reports to pull data from HRMS Application database • Automated some of HRMS processes like Hiring, transfer, termination to help speed up the QA process • Involved in Zero Distance team to help the client reduce the manual work and worked on Excel Macro for Tax Calculation automation • Involved in development of java module to remove duplicates or invalid entry from XML configuration file  https://www.indeed.com/r/Ashish-Indoriya/84f99c99ebe940be?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN https://www.indeed.com/r/Ashish-Indoriya/84f99c99ebe940be?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   Infosys Internal Project: Excel to RDBMS data load application An application to load data from Excel sheets to any database Description: Much of the legacy as well as current information was available in excel sheets within the organization, this application targets to keep them in database for availability, accessibility, faster retrievals and better organization. • Flexible application to load data from different excel sheets with minimum configurations • Applied Industry standard Design patterns like Singleton, Observer and Strategy • Responsible for end to end application  Achievements and Co-curricular Activities: Achievement • Awarded Memento by client for outstanding contribution and client satisfaction • Infy Insta Award for outstanding contribution and being reliable team member • IBM DB2 Academic Associate: DB2 Database and Application Fundamentals.  EDUCATION  Secondary School Certificate in Design Pattern  Chhattisgarh Board of Secondary Education -  Raipur, Chhattisgarh  August 2010  Master of Computer Applications in Computer Applications  Bhilai Institute of Technology -  Bhilai, Chhattisgarh  Bachelor of Computer Applications in Computer Applications  C V Raman University Bilaspur -  Raman, Punjab  Secondary School Certificate  Chhattisgarh Board of Secondary Education -  Raipur, Chhattisgarh  SKILLS  Java, SQL, J2EE, Sping, Hibernate, JavaScript, HTML, CSS  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Serving notice period
[3421, 3462] Ashish Indoriya Sr. Systems Engineer at Infosys Limited  Hyderabad, Telangana - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Ashish- Indoriya/84f99c99ebe940be  • Master of Computer Application (MCA) from Bhilai Institute of Technology, Durg, 2014. • Having 3.3 years of Experience on Software Development at Infosys limited. • Extensive working experience on Java, Spring, Hibernate and SQL • Knowledge of design patterns such as Singleton, Factory, Façade, Observer and MVC. • Knowledge of Front-end web development using JavaScript, JQuery, CSS &amp; HTML. • Having knowledge of Oracle SQL Database. • Reliable as a fully contributing, responsible and accountable member of task/ project teams with highly honed creative, logical and analytical approach. • Automated some of HRMS processes like Hiring, transfer, termination to help speed up the QA process. • Hands on knowledge of C, C++ including advanced concepts such as pointers and Dynamic Memory Management. • Learning Hadoop and Big data analysis using Apache pig, hive and map reduce. • Learning Scala with Spark for Big Data analysis  Willing to relocate to: hyderbad, Telangana  WORK EXPERIENCE  Sr. Systems Engineer at Infosys Limited  Fidelity Investments -  March 2015 to February 2018  Roles &amp; Responsibilities: Description: This is an HRMS customization in Java programming language with Spring, SQL and JavaScript. A web based highly complex application to manage the processes of HRMS, with different types of reports. It's critical as the information managed directly or indirectly affects the payroll of the employees.  • Involved in Requirement Analysis and interaction with clients • Involved in designing of Functional Design Document • Involved in designing of Technical Design Document • Responsible for implementing Business Logic using Java Programming Language as per requirements • Involved in developing SQL scripts for various reports to pull data from HRMS Application database • Automated some of HRMS processes like Hiring, transfer, termination to help speed up the QA process • Involved in Zero Distance team to help the client reduce the manual work and worked on Excel Macro for Tax Calculation automation • Involved in development of java module to remove duplicates or invalid entry from XML configuration file  https://www.indeed.com/r/Ashish-Indoriya/84f99c99ebe940be?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN https://www.indeed.com/r/Ashish-Indoriya/84f99c99ebe940be?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   Infosys Internal Project: Excel to RDBMS data load application An application to load data from Excel sheets to any database Description: Much of the legacy as well as current information was available in excel sheets within the organization, this application targets to keep them in database for availability, accessibility, faster retrievals and better organization. • Flexible application to load data from different excel sheets with minimum configurations • Applied Industry standard Design patterns like Singleton, Observer and Strategy • Responsible for end to end application  Achievements and Co-curricular Activities: Achievement • Awarded Memento by client for outstanding contribution and client satisfaction • Infy Insta Award for outstanding contribution and being reliable team member • IBM DB2 Academic Associate: DB2 Database and Application Fundamentals.  EDUCATION  Secondary School Certificate in Design Pattern  Chhattisgarh Board of Secondary Education -  Raipur, Chhattisgarh  August 2010  Master of Computer Applications in Computer Applications  Bhilai Institute of Technology -  Bhilai, Chhattisgarh  Bachelor of Computer Applications in Computer Applications  C V Raman University Bilaspur -  Raman, Punjab  Secondary School Certificate  Chhattisgarh Board of Secondary Education -  Raipur, Chhattisgarh  SKILLS  Java, SQL, J2EE, Sping, Hibernate, JavaScript, HTML, CSS  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Serving notice period
[3373, 3419] Ashish Indoriya Sr. Systems Engineer at Infosys Limited  Hyderabad, Telangana - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Ashish- Indoriya/84f99c99ebe940be  • Master of Computer Application (MCA) from Bhilai Institute of Technology, Durg, 2014. • Having 3.3 years of Experience on Software Development at Infosys limited. • Extensive working experience on Java, Spring, Hibernate and SQL • Knowledge of design patterns such as Singleton, Factory, Façade, Observer and MVC. • Knowledge of Front-end web development using JavaScript, JQuery, CSS &amp; HTML. • Having knowledge of Oracle SQL Database. • Reliable as a fully contributing, responsible and accountable member of task/ project teams with highly honed creative, logical and analytical approach. • Automated some of HRMS processes like Hiring, transfer, termination to help speed up the QA process. • Hands on knowledge of C, C++ including advanced concepts such as pointers and Dynamic Memory Management. • Learning Hadoop and Big data analysis using Apache pig, hive and map reduce. • Learning Scala with Spark for Big Data analysis  Willing to relocate to: hyderbad, Telangana  WORK EXPERIENCE  Sr. Systems Engineer at Infosys Limited  Fidelity Investments -  March 2015 to February 2018  Roles &amp; Responsibilities: Description: This is an HRMS customization in Java programming language with Spring, SQL and JavaScript. A web based highly complex application to manage the processes of HRMS, with different types of reports. It's critical as the information managed directly or indirectly affects the payroll of the employees.  • Involved in Requirement Analysis and interaction with clients • Involved in designing of Functional Design Document • Involved in designing of Technical Design Document • Responsible for implementing Business Logic using Java Programming Language as per requirements • Involved in developing SQL scripts for various reports to pull data from HRMS Application database • Automated some of HRMS processes like Hiring, transfer, termination to help speed up the QA process • Involved in Zero Distance team to help the client reduce the manual work and worked on Excel Macro for Tax Calculation automation • Involved in development of java module to remove duplicates or invalid entry from XML configuration file  https://www.indeed.com/r/Ashish-Indoriya/84f99c99ebe940be?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN https://www.indeed.com/r/Ashish-Indoriya/84f99c99ebe940be?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   Infosys Internal Project: Excel to RDBMS data load application An application to load data from Excel sheets to any database Description: Much of the legacy as well as current information was available in excel sheets within the organization, this application targets to keep them in database for availability, accessibility, faster retrievals and better organization. • Flexible application to load data from different excel sheets with minimum configurations • Applied Industry standard Design patterns like Singleton, Observer and Strategy • Responsible for end to end application  Achievements and Co-curricular Activities: Achievement • Awarded Memento by client for outstanding contribution and client satisfaction • Infy Insta Award for outstanding contribution and being reliable team member • IBM DB2 Academic Associate: DB2 Database and Application Fundamentals.  EDUCATION  Secondary School Certificate in Design Pattern  Chhattisgarh Board of Secondary Education -  Raipur, Chhattisgarh  August 2010  Master of Computer Applications in Computer Applications  Bhilai Institute of Technology -  Bhilai, Chhattisgarh  Bachelor of Computer Applications in Computer Applications  C V Raman University Bilaspur -  Raman, Punjab  Secondary School Certificate  Chhattisgarh Board of Secondary Education -  Raipur, Chhattisgarh  SKILLS  Java, SQL, J2EE, Sping, Hibernate, JavaScript, HTML, CSS  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Serving notice period
[1168, 1182] Ashish Indoriya Sr. Systems Engineer at Infosys Limited  Hyderabad, Telangana - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Ashish- Indoriya/84f99c99ebe940be  • Master of Computer Application (MCA) from Bhilai Institute of Technology, Durg, 2014. • Having 3.3 years of Experience on Software Development at Infosys limited. • Extensive working experience on Java, Spring, Hibernate and SQL • Knowledge of design patterns such as Singleton, Factory, Façade, Observer and MVC. • Knowledge of Front-end web development using JavaScript, JQuery, CSS &amp; HTML. • Having knowledge of Oracle SQL Database. • Reliable as a fully contributing, responsible and accountable member of task/ project teams with highly honed creative, logical and analytical approach. • Automated some of HRMS processes like Hiring, transfer, termination to help speed up the QA process. • Hands on knowledge of C, C++ including advanced concepts such as pointers and Dynamic Memory Management. • Learning Hadoop and Big data analysis using Apache pig, hive and map reduce. • Learning Scala with Spark for Big Data analysis  Willing to relocate to: hyderbad, Telangana  WORK EXPERIENCE  Sr. Systems Engineer at Infosys Limited  Fidelity Investments -  March 2015 to February 2018  Roles &amp; Responsibilities: Description: This is an HRMS customization in Java programming language with Spring, SQL and JavaScript. A web based highly complex application to manage the processes of HRMS, with different types of reports. It's critical as the information managed directly or indirectly affects the payroll of the employees.  • Involved in Requirement Analysis and interaction with clients • Involved in designing of Functional Design Document • Involved in designing of Technical Design Document • Responsible for implementing Business Logic using Java Programming Language as per requirements • Involved in developing SQL scripts for various reports to pull data from HRMS Application database • Automated some of HRMS processes like Hiring, transfer, termination to help speed up the QA process • Involved in Zero Distance team to help the client reduce the manual work and worked on Excel Macro for Tax Calculation automation • Involved in development of java module to remove duplicates or invalid entry from XML configuration file  https://www.indeed.com/r/Ashish-Indoriya/84f99c99ebe940be?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN https://www.indeed.com/r/Ashish-Indoriya/84f99c99ebe940be?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   Infosys Internal Project: Excel to RDBMS data load application An application to load data from Excel sheets to any database Description: Much of the legacy as well as current information was available in excel sheets within the organization, this application targets to keep them in database for availability, accessibility, faster retrievals and better organization. • Flexible application to load data from different excel sheets with minimum configurations • Applied Industry standard Design patterns like Singleton, Observer and Strategy • Responsible for end to end application  Achievements and Co-curricular Activities: Achievement • Awarded Memento by client for outstanding contribution and client satisfaction • Infy Insta Award for outstanding contribution and being reliable team member • IBM DB2 Academic Associate: DB2 Database and Application Fundamentals.  EDUCATION  Secondary School Certificate in Design Pattern  Chhattisgarh Board of Secondary Education -  Raipur, Chhattisgarh  August 2010  Master of Computer Applications in Computer Applications  Bhilai Institute of Technology -  Bhilai, Chhattisgarh  Bachelor of Computer Applications in Computer Applications  C V Raman University Bilaspur -  Raman, Punjab  Secondary School Certificate  Chhattisgarh Board of Secondary Education -  Raipur, Chhattisgarh  SKILLS  Java, SQL, J2EE, Sping, Hibernate, JavaScript, HTML, CSS  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Serving notice period
[1143, 1163] Ashish Indoriya Sr. Systems Engineer at Infosys Limited  Hyderabad, Telangana - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Ashish- Indoriya/84f99c99ebe940be  • Master of Computer Application (MCA) from Bhilai Institute of Technology, Durg, 2014. • Having 3.3 years of Experience on Software Development at Infosys limited. • Extensive working experience on Java, Spring, Hibernate and SQL • Knowledge of design patterns such as Singleton, Factory, Façade, Observer and MVC. • Knowledge of Front-end web development using JavaScript, JQuery, CSS &amp; HTML. • Having knowledge of Oracle SQL Database. • Reliable as a fully contributing, responsible and accountable member of task/ project teams with highly honed creative, logical and analytical approach. • Automated some of HRMS processes like Hiring, transfer, termination to help speed up the QA process. • Hands on knowledge of C, C++ including advanced concepts such as pointers and Dynamic Memory Management. • Learning Hadoop and Big data analysis using Apache pig, hive and map reduce. • Learning Scala with Spark for Big Data analysis  Willing to relocate to: hyderbad, Telangana  WORK EXPERIENCE  Sr. Systems Engineer at Infosys Limited  Fidelity Investments -  March 2015 to February 2018  Roles &amp; Responsibilities: Description: This is an HRMS customization in Java programming language with Spring, SQL and JavaScript. A web based highly complex application to manage the processes of HRMS, with different types of reports. It's critical as the information managed directly or indirectly affects the payroll of the employees.  • Involved in Requirement Analysis and interaction with clients • Involved in designing of Functional Design Document • Involved in designing of Technical Design Document • Responsible for implementing Business Logic using Java Programming Language as per requirements • Involved in developing SQL scripts for various reports to pull data from HRMS Application database • Automated some of HRMS processes like Hiring, transfer, termination to help speed up the QA process • Involved in Zero Distance team to help the client reduce the manual work and worked on Excel Macro for Tax Calculation automation • Involved in development of java module to remove duplicates or invalid entry from XML configuration file  https://www.indeed.com/r/Ashish-Indoriya/84f99c99ebe940be?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN https://www.indeed.com/r/Ashish-Indoriya/84f99c99ebe940be?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   Infosys Internal Project: Excel to RDBMS data load application An application to load data from Excel sheets to any database Description: Much of the legacy as well as current information was available in excel sheets within the organization, this application targets to keep them in database for availability, accessibility, faster retrievals and better organization. • Flexible application to load data from different excel sheets with minimum configurations • Applied Industry standard Design patterns like Singleton, Observer and Strategy • Responsible for end to end application  Achievements and Co-curricular Activities: Achievement • Awarded Memento by client for outstanding contribution and client satisfaction • Infy Insta Award for outstanding contribution and being reliable team member • IBM DB2 Academic Associate: DB2 Database and Application Fundamentals.  EDUCATION  Secondary School Certificate in Design Pattern  Chhattisgarh Board of Secondary Education -  Raipur, Chhattisgarh  August 2010  Master of Computer Applications in Computer Applications  Bhilai Institute of Technology -  Bhilai, Chhattisgarh  Bachelor of Computer Applications in Computer Applications  C V Raman University Bilaspur -  Raman, Punjab  Secondary School Certificate  Chhattisgarh Board of Secondary Education -  Raipur, Chhattisgarh  SKILLS  Java, SQL, J2EE, Sping, Hibernate, JavaScript, HTML, CSS  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Serving notice period
[2331, 2337] Abdul B Arabic Language supporter (Content Analyst)  Karnataka, Karnataka - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Abdul-B/eb2d7e0d29fe31b6  • 7+ years of experience in supporting ,specially Arabic Language content Arabization. Good expertise in working at MNC. As Thomson Reuters for EMEA Project as giving language support as a content analyst for financial Data. • Language testing in LG soft India as a language tester engineer. • The Arabic project of CRM for Microsoft project with language testing experience in Wipro technologies. • Arabic, Urdu, English and Mobile features testing in L G Soft India Bangalore. • Present working at Al-wadi Int School as an Arabic/Islamic teacher.  Willing to relocate: Anywhere  WORK EXPERIENCE  Arabic Language Trainer  Associated -  Bengaluru, Karnataka -  2010 to 2012  and Arabization Jobs and worked as in interpreter for several clients. Language CA for (Arabic) CRM project in Wipro Technologies.  Arabic Linguist  Hyderabad, Telangana -  June 2010 to September 2010  Team Size 30 Windows Server 2008 R2, MS Office 2010, Windows Vista, Visual Studio 2008 SP1, Microsoft Exchange Server 2007, Environment Software Windows Server 2008 R2 Active Directory Server, Windows Server 2008 R2 Hyper-V, Product Studio, UI And functional automation testing frameworks.  Description: Microsoft Dynamics CRM is CRM Software application that the businesses use to track and manage the interactions with their customers - such as phone calls and emails. This project involves testing the Microsoft Dynamics CRM Version5 for around 16 languages for localization and functional issues.  Roles and Responsibilities: • Created the test cases for Microsoft Dynamics CRM modules • Execution of the test cases and updating the results in the bug tracking and logging internal  https://www.indeed.com/r/Abdul-B/eb2d7e0d29fe31b6?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   tool "Product Studio" • Creating automation test cases  Middle East language tester engineer  -  2006 to 2010  Test Engineer (Arabic language)  MICROSOFT INC -  June 2007 to October 2007  Duration: 2007 June -Oct 2008 Resume Work Experience (Wipro Technologies) CRM project Project Details PROJECT#5 Microsoft Dynamics CRM Client MICROSOFT INC. Role Test Engineer (Arabic language) Testing Automated (UI &amp; Functional) &amp; Manual  EDUCATION  Master's  SKILLS  ENGINEER (4 years), TESTING (Less than 1 year), UI (3 years), USER INTERFACE (Less than 1 year), ANALOG (Less than 1 year)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Technical Skills: LG soft India (Bangalore)  Apart from teaching and training, I posses a good know how and have experience of working on mobilization in the field of Telecommunication while I was working as a UI tester (Software Tester Engineer Using with TD ) for Middle east Languages at LG Soft India.  PROJECT DETAILS  Platform: Analog Devices Domain: GSM and GPRS Defect Tracking Tool: Test Director (Mercury Quality Centre) Test Tool: Genie (Target Testing &amp; Signal Logs)  Description: The ADI model of LG Electronics is a color display model, Contains the features of Telephony services, SMS, MMS, WAP, Java Application, Bluetooth and advanced multimedia features like MP3, Camera, FM, Video Recording. This model supports PC Sync tool that is used to    connect Mobile Station with PC.  Resume Responsibilities:  • Teaching students the language skills and interaction in the language of Arabic. Also teaching and interacting with Arabs as a language translator. • Interaction with Arab professionals during the tenure as a software tester in LG soft. • Writing test cases for new features, and Updating of check lists. • Involved in feature testing modules like Messages, Settings, and Browser. • Reported bugs and execution in Test Director. • Conduct Target Testing on Mobile Station (Call Flow, Roaming &amp; Mobility Management, Radio Resource stability and GPRS connection) using test Tool. • Conduct IOT in different locations of India. • Good knowledge command in the Middle East languages Arabic, Urdu &amp; Farsi
[1811, 1848] Abdul B Arabic Language supporter (Content Analyst)  Karnataka, Karnataka - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Abdul-B/eb2d7e0d29fe31b6  • 7+ years of experience in supporting ,specially Arabic Language content Arabization. Good expertise in working at MNC. As Thomson Reuters for EMEA Project as giving language support as a content analyst for financial Data. • Language testing in LG soft India as a language tester engineer. • The Arabic project of CRM for Microsoft project with language testing experience in Wipro technologies. • Arabic, Urdu, English and Mobile features testing in L G Soft India Bangalore. • Present working at Al-wadi Int School as an Arabic/Islamic teacher.  Willing to relocate: Anywhere  WORK EXPERIENCE  Arabic Language Trainer  Associated -  Bengaluru, Karnataka -  2010 to 2012  and Arabization Jobs and worked as in interpreter for several clients. Language CA for (Arabic) CRM project in Wipro Technologies.  Arabic Linguist  Hyderabad, Telangana -  June 2010 to September 2010  Team Size 30 Windows Server 2008 R2, MS Office 2010, Windows Vista, Visual Studio 2008 SP1, Microsoft Exchange Server 2007, Environment Software Windows Server 2008 R2 Active Directory Server, Windows Server 2008 R2 Hyper-V, Product Studio, UI And functional automation testing frameworks.  Description: Microsoft Dynamics CRM is CRM Software application that the businesses use to track and manage the interactions with their customers - such as phone calls and emails. This project involves testing the Microsoft Dynamics CRM Version5 for around 16 languages for localization and functional issues.  Roles and Responsibilities: • Created the test cases for Microsoft Dynamics CRM modules • Execution of the test cases and updating the results in the bug tracking and logging internal  https://www.indeed.com/r/Abdul-B/eb2d7e0d29fe31b6?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   tool "Product Studio" • Creating automation test cases  Middle East language tester engineer  -  2006 to 2010  Test Engineer (Arabic language)  MICROSOFT INC -  June 2007 to October 2007  Duration: 2007 June -Oct 2008 Resume Work Experience (Wipro Technologies) CRM project Project Details PROJECT#5 Microsoft Dynamics CRM Client MICROSOFT INC. Role Test Engineer (Arabic language) Testing Automated (UI &amp; Functional) &amp; Manual  EDUCATION  Master's  SKILLS  ENGINEER (4 years), TESTING (Less than 1 year), UI (3 years), USER INTERFACE (Less than 1 year), ANALOG (Less than 1 year)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Technical Skills: LG soft India (Bangalore)  Apart from teaching and training, I posses a good know how and have experience of working on mobilization in the field of Telecommunication while I was working as a UI tester (Software Tester Engineer Using with TD ) for Middle east Languages at LG Soft India.  PROJECT DETAILS  Platform: Analog Devices Domain: GSM and GPRS Defect Tracking Tool: Test Director (Mercury Quality Centre) Test Tool: Genie (Target Testing &amp; Signal Logs)  Description: The ADI model of LG Electronics is a color display model, Contains the features of Telephony services, SMS, MMS, WAP, Java Application, Bluetooth and advanced multimedia features like MP3, Camera, FM, Video Recording. This model supports PC Sync tool that is used to    connect Mobile Station with PC.  Resume Responsibilities:  • Teaching students the language skills and interaction in the language of Arabic. Also teaching and interacting with Arabs as a language translator. • Interaction with Arab professionals during the tenure as a software tester in LG soft. • Writing test cases for new features, and Updating of check lists. • Involved in feature testing modules like Messages, Settings, and Browser. • Reported bugs and execution in Test Director. • Conduct Target Testing on Mobile Station (Call Flow, Roaming &amp; Mobility Management, Radio Resource stability and GPRS connection) using test Tool. • Conduct IOT in different locations of India. • Good knowledge command in the Middle East languages Arabic, Urdu &amp; Farsi
[265, 307] Sameer Kujur Orrisha - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Sameer-Kujur/0771f65bfa7aff96  WORK EXPERIENCE  App develop  Microsoft -  August 2016 to Present  EDUCATION  Electrical engineering  VSSUT,burla  SKILLS  Application Development, Software Testing  https://www.indeed.com/r/Sameer-Kujur/0771f65bfa7aff96?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN
[20, 40] Jyotirbindu Patnaik Associate consultant@SAP labs , Bangalore Karnataka  Bengaluru, Karnataka - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Jyotirbindu- Patnaik/77e3ceda47fbb7e4  - Experienced incident and change coordinator and strongly skilled and dedicated ITIL Expert with a superior work ethic and management satisfaction record. Widely and deeply knowledgeable in all aspects of ITIL management and coordination. Adept multitasker able to deal a very high priority complex situations with accuracy and professionalism.  Willing to relocate to: Bangalore, Karnataka  WORK EXPERIENCE  Associate consultant  Sap labs  Incident and change management coordinator, dealing with the escalation process of company products. Notifying the customer as well as stake holders regarding the on going issue as well as helping problem management team to provide RCA.  Associate consultant  Sap labs  - Joining date from: January 25, 2017 Designation: Associate Consultant Company: SAP on the payroll of Bristlecone India LTD.  Roles and responsibilities: - Incident Coordinator: 1. Following the escalation process and handling the high priority incidents by initiating the troubleshooting call and driving the entire call till the issue gets resolve. 2. Capturing the entire chronological order to provide the RCA for the unplanned downtimes. 3. As an incident coordinator, I was informing the internal stakeholders regarding the unplanned downtimes/high priority issue by sending the notifications periodically. 4. Post handling the issue we were updating the MTTR and monthly outage tracker to have a clear records of unplanned downtimes. 5. Monitoring the tools like Catchpoint, Pingdom, CSS for quick find of availability alerts and trying to troubleshoot by initial analysis ASAP. 6. Preparing the documents for all the new process and update it as per its new changes. 7. Providing the reports (KPI/Availability/IRT-MPT) on weekly and monthly basis to the management to minimize the number incidents. 8. I was analyzing regarding the number of incidents and alerts received, and providing the entire captured details to management for further process to reduce the incidents and alerts.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Jyotirbindu-Patnaik/77e3ceda47fbb7e4?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN https://www.indeed.com/r/Jyotirbindu-Patnaik/77e3ceda47fbb7e4?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   Change Coordinator: 9. As a change, Coordinator was handling the Entire change management process and validating the Change requests to get the CAB approvals. 10. Providing the KPI report for the change process. 11. Driving the CAB meeting and KPI meeting.  Projects: - I was working for "Cloud for customer" and "Business by design" project in SAP.  Achievements: - 1. I have received management appreciation note for handling the change management process in a proficient way. 2. Team Lead appreciated for maintaining the documents and PPT's as updated.  EDUCATION  B. Tech in Electronics and Communication  Biju Patnaik University -  Rayagada, Orissa  2016  SKILLS  ITIL foundation
[1754, 1792] Nitin Tr PeopleSoft Consultant  Bangalore Urban, Karnataka - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Nitin-Tr/e7e3a2f5b4c1e24e  An e-commerce website I built as my college project. The website contains all the basic elements of an e-commerce website which are  The landing page, categorization of items based on filters, basic session level security, product page, Cart, share button, empty cart button, paginations etc.  It consists of a separate seller accounts where sellers can register and later upload their products to be sold, which can later be edited or deleted.  It consists of an admin panel where all the products listed can be viewed and edited by the moderator.  60 days auto delete feature, which deletes the product listing 60 days from the date of upload if seller has not modified the listing upon the next login.  Usage of Modals for registration and Login which reduces the number of pages to navigate.  Languages used: PHP, MySQL, Html, CSS, Bootstrap, JavaScript and jQuery.  WORK EXPERIENCE  PeopleSoft consultant  Oracle -  September 2017 to Present  Performing customisations, enhancements and bug fixes for front end and backend inpeople code using appdesigner.  PeopleSoft Consultant  Oracle India Ltd -  September 2017 to April 2018  • Develop customizations to meet business process requirements using application designer.  • Involved in modification enhancement and bug-fixing of the PeopleSoft application both front- end and back-end to suit business needs.  • Communicate with the business and get clear requirements if adequate information is not available and also follow-up with them until final resolution is obtained.  • Release Enhancements for UAT and communicate with business to migrate into production.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Nitin-Tr/e7e3a2f5b4c1e24e?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   • Also have to work on service requests, Incident Creation, Incident Assignment additionally and constantly involved in querying the database and running reports.  Freelance Development  I am a passionate Web Developer and love to build clean, smooth and responsive websites. I have built many websites for individuals on freelance or per-project basis which are Responsive in nature. I am capable of building clean and responsive websites. They include personal portfolios and Small business websites. • http://www.pramodprakash.com/shop: Responsive and Dynamic e-commerce portal.  • http://www.pramodprakash.com/tickItBusDemoUrl: A bus booking platform, source: Kathmandu, Destination: Pokhra. • http://www.pramodprakash.com/geisle/index.php: A small business website focused on animations (under construction) also check (geisle/index2.php) • http://pramodprakash.com/fulllogin: complete login module with email account activation and password reset. • http://pramodprakash.com/sec: A small business website, built to showcase color combinations and layout. • http://pramodprakash.com/r&d: A small business website built in parallax format. Completely responsive. • http://pramodprakash.com/web1: A template built according to given specifications and also small map feature included which also supports location search.  EDUCATION  Btech information science in BCET  Vtu -  Bengaluru, Karnataka  2017  Vijaya composite p.u. college  e-commerce  Vijaya High School  SKILLS  Php, Html5, Javascript, Css, Bootstrap, Jquery, Sql  LINKS  https://www.linkedin.com/in/nitin-tr-588105129  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Software Skills  https://www.linkedin.com/in/nitin-tr-588105129   • Programming Language: core java, peoplecode. • Scripting languages: PHP, JavaScript. • Web Languages: HTML, CSS. • Database Language: Sql. • Frameworks: Bootstrap, JQuery. • IDE's: NetBeans, Eclipse. • Tools: Application Designer, Toad.  Personal Skills  • Excellent Communication Skills both Written and verbal. • Honest, trustworthy and highly motivated team player and Strong Negotiator. • Supportive and creative. • Quick Learner and Flexible. • Good Analytical Ability and Logical Reasoning. • Good listening skills.
[1522, 1566] Anurag Asthana Pune, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Anurag-Asthana/ea7451b2bdb6115a  • Looking forward for joining a company where my creative thinking and excellent skills in application development using modern development tools will be utilized.  Willing to relocate: Anywhere  WORK EXPERIENCE  Infosys LTD -  MAHARASHTRA, IN -  April 2017 to Present  Location: Pune, India Client: Insurance Client from London Duration: April 2017 -Till Date Technology/Tools: Microsoft SharePoint 2013, Azure Cognitive Services, Azure Service Bus, Azure Blob Storage, .net framework 4.7  Responsibilities:  • Independently worked on designing solution architecture of the project. • Lead team from technical front in all the components built • Followed Agile development approach to efficiently manage continuous development process and incremental requirement changes • Design SharePoint components using SharePoint CSOM and .net framework 4.7 • Design Azure components using azure .net sdks and .net framework 4.7 • Implement Micro Services architecture using Azure Service Bus  Project Title: SharePoint 2013 Application Development and Enhancement  Infosys LTD -  London -  February 2017 to March 2018  Infosys LTD -  MAHARASHTRA, IN -  August 2015 to January 2017  SharePoint Designer  Microsoft SharePoint -  2017 to 2017  2013, Nintex.  Responsibilities: • Investigated and identified requirements via process flows, use cases communicated with Subject Matter Experts to define system requirement.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Anurag-Asthana/ea7451b2bdb6115a?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   • Suggested improvements to be included into new system for Skills Alignment Portal • Followed Agile development approach to efficiently manage continuous development process and incremental requirement changes • Independently designed, developed and delivered multiple forms and workflows over SharePoint 2013 start from scratch using Nintex • Designed and Implemented useful components using SharePoint out-of-the-box capabilities and SharePoint REST web service • Utilized SharePoint APPs technology to create custom enhancements on current sites for customer satisfaction and efficiency • Developed underwriting support applications using asp.net MVC / Web API.  Infosys LTD -  MAHARASHTRA, IN -  December 2013 to July 2015  Enterprise IT Support  Infosys LTD -  MAHARASHTRA, IN -  September 2013 to November 2013  Location: Pune, India Client: Oil and Gas Client from USA Duration: September 2013 - November 2013  Infosys LTD -  MAHARASHTRA, IN -  June 2013 to August 2013  Location: Pune, India Client: Oil and Gas Client from USA Duration: June 2013 - August 2013  Infosys LTD -  MAHARASHTRA, IN -  February 2013 to May 2013  Infosys LTD -  MAHARASHTRA, IN -  November 2012 to January 2013  Location: Pune, India Client: Infosys Ltd. Duration: November 2012 - January 2013  SharePoint Designer, Avepoint Docave  Microsoft SharePoint -  2012 to 2012  6.  Responsibilities:    • Responsible for creating SharePoint hosted apps. • Responsible for developing web services [WEB API's]. • Responsible for creating ECMA scripts. • Responsible for creating console applications using SharePoint Client Object Model. • Responsible for migrating SharePoint MOSS 2007 sites to SharePoint 2013 using Avepoint Docave. • Responsible for developing remote site provisioning mechanism using CSOM • Responsible for creating provider hosted apps using asp.net mvc.  Project Title: Operating System  Microsoft Fast Search, SharePoint Designer  Microsoft SharePoint -  2010 to 2010  Responsibilities:  • Responsible for maintaining database of the project. • Responsible for designing page layouts. • Responsible for creating ECMA scripts. • Responsible for creating console applications using SharePoint Client Object Model. • Responsible for creating SSIS solution to import data from multiple sources using SharePoint web services. • Responsible for creating custom SharePoint alerts using SSIS solution. • Responsible for creating SSRS solution to create Dashboards. • Responsible for creating Stored Procedures and Functions used for various operations. • Responsible for customizing list forms. • Responsible for creating Search pages using Microsoft FAST search 2010.  Microsoft SharePoint -  2010 to 2010  Responsibilities:  • Responsible for fixing bugs in SharePoint applications • Responsible for automating bug fixing process. • Responsible for interacting with clients for understanding business requirements. • Responsible for enhancing SharePoint application as per business requirements. • Identifying limitations and suggesting appropriate solutions.  Microsoft InfoPath Designer  Microsoft SharePoint -  2010 to 2010  2010, Microsoft SharePoint Designer 2010, Microsoft Office 2010.  Responsibilities:    • Responsible for creating multiple custom lists and document libraries. • Responsible for creating and customizing InfoPath forms and associating it with document libraries. • Responsible for creating SharePoint Designer Workflows. • Responsible for customizing list forms and views. • Responsible for creating Excel reports in SharePoint.  Project Title: 5 Day Close Monitoring Tool  Technology/Tools: Microsoft SharePoint 2010, Microsoft SQL Server 2008 R2, Microsoft Visual Studio 2010, Microsoft InfoPath Designer 2010, Microsoft SharePoint Designer 2010, Microsoft Office 2010 Responsibilities:  • Responsible for creating custom lists, document libraries, SharePoint groups. • Responsible for creating custom permission levels in SharePoint and defining permission policies on lists, libraries and web parts. • Responsible for maintaining database of the project. • Responsible to create SSIS packages. • Responsible to create power pivot reports. • Responsible for creating dashboards on SharePoint site using Power Pivot library. • Responsible for creating tool for generating power pivot reports on multiple servers.  Microsoft Designer  Microsoft SharePoint -  2010 to 2010  2010. Responsibilities:  • Responsible for creating multiple custom lists and document libraries. • Responsible for creating and customizing InfoPath forms and associating it with document libraries. • Responsible for creating SharePoint Designer Workflows. • Responsible for customizing list forms and views. • Responsible for creating custom permission levels and applying it to various lists and libraries.  EDUCATION  Bachelor of Technology in Information Technology  Graphic Era University -  Dehra Dun, Uttarakhand  May 2012  Senior Secondary -  Kashipur, Uttarakhand  2008    SKILLS  MICROSOFT SHAREPOINT (7 years), SHAREPOINT (7 years), .NET (6 years), MICROSOFT VISUAL STUDIO (6 years), VISUAL STUDIO (6 years)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  SKILLS • Vast knowledge of developing and implementing applications based on client's needs. • Professional Experience in creating SharePoint solutions using C#, JavaScript etc. • Professional Experience in creating asp.net web applications using MVC, Entity Framework. • Professional experience in creating application using Azure micro services architecture  TECHNICAL EXPERTISE  Languages and Software C, C#.net, Asp.net MVC 5, Entity Framework 6, Microsoft Office, Microsoft SharePoint 2010, Microsoft SharePoint 2013, Microsoft, SharePoint Designer, Microsoft Visual Studio 2008, Microsoft Visual Studio 2010, Microsoft Visual Studio 2012, InfoPath, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, SharePoint Apps using MVC and KnockoutJS, Nintex forms and Workflows, Azure  MSBI SQL Server 2008, SQL Server 2012, SSIS, SSRS Operating System Windows Family  TOTAL EXPERIENCE  No. Company Role Duration 1. Infosys Ltd Technology Analyst 5 Years 11 Months
[3760, 4638] Laya A Cluster HR Manager - Velammal New  Chennai, Tamil Nadu - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Laya-A/74af8dc044f3fa7f  • A competent HR Manager professional with over 10+ years of rich experience across all domains of human resource management. • Demonstrated expertise to work in sync with senior management team to integrate the human resource function within the organisation. • Carrying experience in the new line of businesses, high growth operations and restructuring. • Proven skill set in transforming &amp; harmonizing complex and obscure ideas into an easily assimilable plan. • Exemplified leading from the front, time &amp; again and inculcated a feeling of motivation and constant work towards the attainment of the firm's goal. • Adept in performance assessment, recruitment, induction process, compensation management, employee welfare planning, employee retention, employee motivation, grievance handling, time office management, team management &amp; office administration. • A proactive professional with outstanding communication, interpersonal and relationship management skills along with an ability to communicate effectively with personnel at all levels within the organisation. • Ensuring continuity as well as effective delivery of human resource functional services.  WORK EXPERIENCE  Cluster HR Manager  Velammal New -  Chennai, Tamil Nadu -  February 2017 to Present  Cluster Manager  Velammal new gen park -  February 2017 to Present  RESPONSIBILITIES TALENTACQUISITION • Enhancing the manpower plan in sync with the expansion strategies for all LOBs in order to formulate new hiring strategies. • Implementing innovative ways to engage probable candidates for future expansion. • Curbing average turnaround time of recruitment by smart measures at relatively lesser cost. • Driving campus recruitment at elite business, law and engineering colleges with an intent to hire the best of the best. • Leading internal hiring &amp; guiding manpower forms on sourcing the best talents against the vacant positions. • Strategizing human resource requirements in consultation with the various  https://www.indeed.com/r/Laya-A/74af8dc044f3fa7f?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   departmental heads followed by conducting selection interviews for shortlisted candidates. • Keeping an eye on the latest hiring trends in the industry and implementing them. • Coaching team members on effectively creating assessment and interview rating sheet. • Streamlining interview processes, managing recruitment tracker, screening of resumes, reference check, background verification, document verification and closing the position post successful salary negotiation.  COMPENSATION MANAGEMENT • Devising a wage model to reach compensation goals of the organization. • Developing salary grid in sync with the organisational hierarchy to inculcate concord in the system. • Drafting, designing as well as implementing attractive incentives plan to motivate staffs across all levels in the organisation with an intent to accelerate the revenue by optimising the degree of enthusiasm nestled in the work culture. • Examining and analysing the industry to strive equilibrium among internal equity, external equity, compliance and other objectives of pay model. • Designing reward and recognition plan for sales and marketing employees as an attempt to acknowledge their efforts towards the accomplishment of the organisational goals.  Centre Head Manager HR and Admin  Kinder -  Cherthala, KERALA, IN -  November 2015 to January 2017  HR Manager  Leonine Info solutions -  June 2012 to November 2015  Process Associate@ Infosys  HR SPOC -  Bengaluru, Karnataka -  May 2011 to June 2012  Bangalore, India  EDUCATION  B.B.A in UIT  Kerala University  2008  SKILLS  HR (9 years), COMPENSATION (1 year), RECRUITMENT (1 year), DETAIL ORIENTED (Less than 1 year), DOCUMENTATION (Less than 1 year)    ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  CORE COMPETENCIES • Performance Management • Recruitment &amp; Retention • Training &amp; Development • HR Policies &amp; Procedures • Employee Exit • Confidential Record Keeping • HR Department Start-up • Event Management • On-boarding, Orientation &amp; Induction • Employee Counselling • Attendance &amp; Leave Management • Team Building and Morale building • Process Documentation • Payroll &amp; Compensation  TECHNICAL EXPERTISE • Well versed with Microsoft Office (Word, Excel &amp; Power Point) • Microsoft Project • Lotus, outlook and internet job portal applications.  PERSONAGE ELEMENTS • Analytical &amp; Critical thinking • Compliant &amp; Adaptive • Detail Oriented • Flexible • Honest &amp; Hardworking • Leadership • Logical • Versatile • Work Ethic
[3727, 3742] Laya A Cluster HR Manager - Velammal New  Chennai, Tamil Nadu - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Laya-A/74af8dc044f3fa7f  • A competent HR Manager professional with over 10+ years of rich experience across all domains of human resource management. • Demonstrated expertise to work in sync with senior management team to integrate the human resource function within the organisation. • Carrying experience in the new line of businesses, high growth operations and restructuring. • Proven skill set in transforming &amp; harmonizing complex and obscure ideas into an easily assimilable plan. • Exemplified leading from the front, time &amp; again and inculcated a feeling of motivation and constant work towards the attainment of the firm's goal. • Adept in performance assessment, recruitment, induction process, compensation management, employee welfare planning, employee retention, employee motivation, grievance handling, time office management, team management &amp; office administration. • A proactive professional with outstanding communication, interpersonal and relationship management skills along with an ability to communicate effectively with personnel at all levels within the organisation. • Ensuring continuity as well as effective delivery of human resource functional services.  WORK EXPERIENCE  Cluster HR Manager  Velammal New -  Chennai, Tamil Nadu -  February 2017 to Present  Cluster Manager  Velammal new gen park -  February 2017 to Present  RESPONSIBILITIES TALENTACQUISITION • Enhancing the manpower plan in sync with the expansion strategies for all LOBs in order to formulate new hiring strategies. • Implementing innovative ways to engage probable candidates for future expansion. • Curbing average turnaround time of recruitment by smart measures at relatively lesser cost. • Driving campus recruitment at elite business, law and engineering colleges with an intent to hire the best of the best. • Leading internal hiring &amp; guiding manpower forms on sourcing the best talents against the vacant positions. • Strategizing human resource requirements in consultation with the various  https://www.indeed.com/r/Laya-A/74af8dc044f3fa7f?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   departmental heads followed by conducting selection interviews for shortlisted candidates. • Keeping an eye on the latest hiring trends in the industry and implementing them. • Coaching team members on effectively creating assessment and interview rating sheet. • Streamlining interview processes, managing recruitment tracker, screening of resumes, reference check, background verification, document verification and closing the position post successful salary negotiation.  COMPENSATION MANAGEMENT • Devising a wage model to reach compensation goals of the organization. • Developing salary grid in sync with the organisational hierarchy to inculcate concord in the system. • Drafting, designing as well as implementing attractive incentives plan to motivate staffs across all levels in the organisation with an intent to accelerate the revenue by optimising the degree of enthusiasm nestled in the work culture. • Examining and analysing the industry to strive equilibrium among internal equity, external equity, compliance and other objectives of pay model. • Designing reward and recognition plan for sales and marketing employees as an attempt to acknowledge their efforts towards the accomplishment of the organisational goals.  Centre Head Manager HR and Admin  Kinder -  Cherthala, KERALA, IN -  November 2015 to January 2017  HR Manager  Leonine Info solutions -  June 2012 to November 2015  Process Associate@ Infosys  HR SPOC -  Bengaluru, Karnataka -  May 2011 to June 2012  Bangalore, India  EDUCATION  B.B.A in UIT  Kerala University  2008  SKILLS  HR (9 years), COMPENSATION (1 year), RECRUITMENT (1 year), DETAIL ORIENTED (Less than 1 year), DOCUMENTATION (Less than 1 year)    ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  CORE COMPETENCIES • Performance Management • Recruitment &amp; Retention • Training &amp; Development • HR Policies &amp; Procedures • Employee Exit • Confidential Record Keeping • HR Department Start-up • Event Management • On-boarding, Orientation &amp; Induction • Employee Counselling • Attendance &amp; Leave Management • Team Building and Morale building • Process Documentation • Payroll &amp; Compensation  TECHNICAL EXPERTISE • Well versed with Microsoft Office (Word, Excel &amp; Power Point) • Microsoft Project • Lotus, outlook and internet job portal applications.  PERSONAGE ELEMENTS • Analytical &amp; Critical thinking • Compliant &amp; Adaptive • Detail Oriented • Flexible • Honest &amp; Hardworking • Leadership • Logical • Versatile • Work Ethic
[3711, 3723] Laya A Cluster HR Manager - Velammal New  Chennai, Tamil Nadu - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Laya-A/74af8dc044f3fa7f  • A competent HR Manager professional with over 10+ years of rich experience across all domains of human resource management. • Demonstrated expertise to work in sync with senior management team to integrate the human resource function within the organisation. • Carrying experience in the new line of businesses, high growth operations and restructuring. • Proven skill set in transforming &amp; harmonizing complex and obscure ideas into an easily assimilable plan. • Exemplified leading from the front, time &amp; again and inculcated a feeling of motivation and constant work towards the attainment of the firm's goal. • Adept in performance assessment, recruitment, induction process, compensation management, employee welfare planning, employee retention, employee motivation, grievance handling, time office management, team management &amp; office administration. • A proactive professional with outstanding communication, interpersonal and relationship management skills along with an ability to communicate effectively with personnel at all levels within the organisation. • Ensuring continuity as well as effective delivery of human resource functional services.  WORK EXPERIENCE  Cluster HR Manager  Velammal New -  Chennai, Tamil Nadu -  February 2017 to Present  Cluster Manager  Velammal new gen park -  February 2017 to Present  RESPONSIBILITIES TALENTACQUISITION • Enhancing the manpower plan in sync with the expansion strategies for all LOBs in order to formulate new hiring strategies. • Implementing innovative ways to engage probable candidates for future expansion. • Curbing average turnaround time of recruitment by smart measures at relatively lesser cost. • Driving campus recruitment at elite business, law and engineering colleges with an intent to hire the best of the best. • Leading internal hiring &amp; guiding manpower forms on sourcing the best talents against the vacant positions. • Strategizing human resource requirements in consultation with the various  https://www.indeed.com/r/Laya-A/74af8dc044f3fa7f?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   departmental heads followed by conducting selection interviews for shortlisted candidates. • Keeping an eye on the latest hiring trends in the industry and implementing them. • Coaching team members on effectively creating assessment and interview rating sheet. • Streamlining interview processes, managing recruitment tracker, screening of resumes, reference check, background verification, document verification and closing the position post successful salary negotiation.  COMPENSATION MANAGEMENT • Devising a wage model to reach compensation goals of the organization. • Developing salary grid in sync with the organisational hierarchy to inculcate concord in the system. • Drafting, designing as well as implementing attractive incentives plan to motivate staffs across all levels in the organisation with an intent to accelerate the revenue by optimising the degree of enthusiasm nestled in the work culture. • Examining and analysing the industry to strive equilibrium among internal equity, external equity, compliance and other objectives of pay model. • Designing reward and recognition plan for sales and marketing employees as an attempt to acknowledge their efforts towards the accomplishment of the organisational goals.  Centre Head Manager HR and Admin  Kinder -  Cherthala, KERALA, IN -  November 2015 to January 2017  HR Manager  Leonine Info solutions -  June 2012 to November 2015  Process Associate@ Infosys  HR SPOC -  Bengaluru, Karnataka -  May 2011 to June 2012  Bangalore, India  EDUCATION  B.B.A in UIT  Kerala University  2008  SKILLS  HR (9 years), COMPENSATION (1 year), RECRUITMENT (1 year), DETAIL ORIENTED (Less than 1 year), DOCUMENTATION (Less than 1 year)    ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  CORE COMPETENCIES • Performance Management • Recruitment &amp; Retention • Training &amp; Development • HR Policies &amp; Procedures • Employee Exit • Confidential Record Keeping • HR Department Start-up • Event Management • On-boarding, Orientation &amp; Induction • Employee Counselling • Attendance &amp; Leave Management • Team Building and Morale building • Process Documentation • Payroll &amp; Compensation  TECHNICAL EXPERTISE • Well versed with Microsoft Office (Word, Excel &amp; Power Point) • Microsoft Project • Lotus, outlook and internet job portal applications.  PERSONAGE ELEMENTS • Analytical &amp; Critical thinking • Compliant &amp; Adaptive • Detail Oriented • Flexible • Honest &amp; Hardworking • Leadership • Logical • Versatile • Work Ethic
[1338, 1345] Laya A Cluster HR Manager - Velammal New  Chennai, Tamil Nadu - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Laya-A/74af8dc044f3fa7f  • A competent HR Manager professional with over 10+ years of rich experience across all domains of human resource management. • Demonstrated expertise to work in sync with senior management team to integrate the human resource function within the organisation. • Carrying experience in the new line of businesses, high growth operations and restructuring. • Proven skill set in transforming &amp; harmonizing complex and obscure ideas into an easily assimilable plan. • Exemplified leading from the front, time &amp; again and inculcated a feeling of motivation and constant work towards the attainment of the firm's goal. • Adept in performance assessment, recruitment, induction process, compensation management, employee welfare planning, employee retention, employee motivation, grievance handling, time office management, team management &amp; office administration. • A proactive professional with outstanding communication, interpersonal and relationship management skills along with an ability to communicate effectively with personnel at all levels within the organisation. • Ensuring continuity as well as effective delivery of human resource functional services.  WORK EXPERIENCE  Cluster HR Manager  Velammal New -  Chennai, Tamil Nadu -  February 2017 to Present  Cluster Manager  Velammal new gen park -  February 2017 to Present  RESPONSIBILITIES TALENTACQUISITION • Enhancing the manpower plan in sync with the expansion strategies for all LOBs in order to formulate new hiring strategies. • Implementing innovative ways to engage probable candidates for future expansion. • Curbing average turnaround time of recruitment by smart measures at relatively lesser cost. • Driving campus recruitment at elite business, law and engineering colleges with an intent to hire the best of the best. • Leading internal hiring &amp; guiding manpower forms on sourcing the best talents against the vacant positions. • Strategizing human resource requirements in consultation with the various  https://www.indeed.com/r/Laya-A/74af8dc044f3fa7f?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   departmental heads followed by conducting selection interviews for shortlisted candidates. • Keeping an eye on the latest hiring trends in the industry and implementing them. • Coaching team members on effectively creating assessment and interview rating sheet. • Streamlining interview processes, managing recruitment tracker, screening of resumes, reference check, background verification, document verification and closing the position post successful salary negotiation.  COMPENSATION MANAGEMENT • Devising a wage model to reach compensation goals of the organization. • Developing salary grid in sync with the organisational hierarchy to inculcate concord in the system. • Drafting, designing as well as implementing attractive incentives plan to motivate staffs across all levels in the organisation with an intent to accelerate the revenue by optimising the degree of enthusiasm nestled in the work culture. • Examining and analysing the industry to strive equilibrium among internal equity, external equity, compliance and other objectives of pay model. • Designing reward and recognition plan for sales and marketing employees as an attempt to acknowledge their efforts towards the accomplishment of the organisational goals.  Centre Head Manager HR and Admin  Kinder -  Cherthala, KERALA, IN -  November 2015 to January 2017  HR Manager  Leonine Info solutions -  June 2012 to November 2015  Process Associate@ Infosys  HR SPOC -  Bengaluru, Karnataka -  May 2011 to June 2012  Bangalore, India  EDUCATION  B.B.A in UIT  Kerala University  2008  SKILLS  HR (9 years), COMPENSATION (1 year), RECRUITMENT (1 year), DETAIL ORIENTED (Less than 1 year), DOCUMENTATION (Less than 1 year)    ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  CORE COMPETENCIES • Performance Management • Recruitment &amp; Retention • Training &amp; Development • HR Policies &amp; Procedures • Employee Exit • Confidential Record Keeping • HR Department Start-up • Event Management • On-boarding, Orientation &amp; Induction • Employee Counselling • Attendance &amp; Leave Management • Team Building and Morale building • Process Documentation • Payroll &amp; Compensation  TECHNICAL EXPERTISE • Well versed with Microsoft Office (Word, Excel &amp; Power Point) • Microsoft Project • Lotus, outlook and internet job portal applications.  PERSONAGE ELEMENTS • Analytical &amp; Critical thinking • Compliant &amp; Adaptive • Detail Oriented • Flexible • Honest &amp; Hardworking • Leadership • Logical • Versatile • Work Ethic
[1667, 1705] Sai Dhir - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Sai-Dhir/e6ed06ed081f04cf  WORK EXPERIENCE  Sasken Technologies Pvt. Ltd -  Pune, Maharashtra -  January 2017 to Present  ORACLE -  January 2011 to Present  STP is basically a router that realys ss7 messages through various signally points. In project all STPs were replaced by ORACLE STP due to its advanced features, high end support, flexibility. The STP is connected to adjacent SEPs and STPs via signaling links. Based on the address fields of the SS7 messages, the STP routes the messages to the appropriate outgoing signaling link.  Client: ORACLE Team Size: 4 Role: fetching data, analyzing, monitoring, troubleshooting Technologies: filezilla, putty Major Development ➢ Currently working on External Browser Integration for the Payment Gateway ➢ Multiple Shipping methods Inside Order Invoice  ORACLE -  Gurgaon, Haryana -  October 2016 to January 2017  Karizma Order Manager & Karizma Order System  ORACLE -  March 2011 to October 2011  Stamp Duty means a tax payable on certain legal documents specified by statute; the duty may be fixed or ad valorem meaning that the tax paid as a stamp duty may be a fixed amount or an amount which varies based on the value of the products, services or property on which it is levied. It is basically a kind of tax paid on any transaction based on exchange of documents or execution of instruments.  Client: Max Life Insurance Team Size: 4 Role: Business Analyst, Testing and Bug Fixing. Technologies: Group Asia Major Development ➢ Reading of the new requirements and have a thorough knowledge regarding the functionality and generating test case regarding it.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Sai-Dhir/e6ed06ed081f04cf?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   PMJJ BY: PMJJBY (Pradhan Mantri Jeevan Jyoti Bima Yojana) is a one year Life insurance scheme, auto renewed every year, offering coverage for death due to any reason. The PMJJBY scheme is available to anyone between 18 and 50 years of age and with a CSB Savings bank account. The main administrator within the scheme could be life insurance corporation in addition to hardly any other insurance providers who will be able to give similar benefits under the scheme Team Size: 4 Role: business analyst, testing Technologies: group asia  EDUCATION  Client-Server Architecture  CDAC -  Mohali, Punjab  January 2017 to Present  Bachelor of Engineering in Engineering  Punjab Technical University (PTU) Jalhandar  2012 to 2016  B.E  Punjab Technical University  2012 to 2016  Android  CDAC Mohali -  Mohali, Punjab  SKILLS  CHANGE MANAGEMENT (Less than 1 year), Configuration Management (Less than 1 year), Git (Less than 1 year), Incident Management (Less than 1 year), Linux (Less than 1 year)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Operating Systems Windows 7, ubuntu Linux Configuration Management Git, svn Incident Management IBM i series 400  Domain insurance  Platform - Windows  Framework-Group Asia  Domian Telecom    Domain telecom  Platform-windows  Framework-filezilla, putty
[983, 992] B. Gokul Gokul, Uttar Pradesh - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/B-Gokul/ca7750b94830268d  I Wish to acquire a high level of capability in project management, technical, Commercial &amp; project control aspects by inspiring leadership, acumen to build &amp; lead a high Performing team to deliver results within strict time lines.  Willing to relocate: Anywhere  WORK EXPERIENCE  Software  Microsoft -  2018 to Present  • Tamil and English STRENGTH: • Honest and Innovative ACADEMIC PROJECT: • AADHAR (RFID) Card Based Voting Machine  EDUCATION  Government  State board  2015  SSLC in Government  State board  2013  BOARD UNIVERSITY  B.SC  Periyar University -  Salem, Tamil Nadu  SKILLS  EXCEL (Less than 1 year), MICROSOFT WORD (Less than 1 year), MICROSOFT WORD 2010 (Less than 1 year), MS EXCEL (Less than 1 year), WORD (Less than 1 year)  https://www.indeed.com/r/B-Gokul/ca7750b94830268d?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  COMPUTER SKILLS: • Ms Excel • Microsoft word 2010
[863, 868] B. Gokul Gokul, Uttar Pradesh - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/B-Gokul/ca7750b94830268d  I Wish to acquire a high level of capability in project management, technical, Commercial &amp; project control aspects by inspiring leadership, acumen to build &amp; lead a high Performing team to deliver results within strict time lines.  Willing to relocate: Anywhere  WORK EXPERIENCE  Software  Microsoft -  2018 to Present  • Tamil and English STRENGTH: • Honest and Innovative ACADEMIC PROJECT: • AADHAR (RFID) Card Based Voting Machine  EDUCATION  Government  State board  2015  SSLC in Government  State board  2013  BOARD UNIVERSITY  B.SC  Periyar University -  Salem, Tamil Nadu  SKILLS  EXCEL (Less than 1 year), MICROSOFT WORD (Less than 1 year), MICROSOFT WORD 2010 (Less than 1 year), MS EXCEL (Less than 1 year), WORD (Less than 1 year)  https://www.indeed.com/r/B-Gokul/ca7750b94830268d?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  COMPUTER SKILLS: • Ms Excel • Microsoft word 2010
[634, 650] B. Gokul Gokul, Uttar Pradesh - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/B-Gokul/ca7750b94830268d  I Wish to acquire a high level of capability in project management, technical, Commercial &amp; project control aspects by inspiring leadership, acumen to build &amp; lead a high Performing team to deliver results within strict time lines.  Willing to relocate: Anywhere  WORK EXPERIENCE  Software  Microsoft -  2018 to Present  • Tamil and English STRENGTH: • Honest and Innovative ACADEMIC PROJECT: • AADHAR (RFID) Card Based Voting Machine  EDUCATION  Government  State board  2015  SSLC in Government  State board  2013  BOARD UNIVERSITY  B.SC  Periyar University -  Salem, Tamil Nadu  SKILLS  EXCEL (Less than 1 year), MICROSOFT WORD (Less than 1 year), MICROSOFT WORD 2010 (Less than 1 year), MS EXCEL (Less than 1 year), WORD (Less than 1 year)  https://www.indeed.com/r/B-Gokul/ca7750b94830268d?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  COMPUTER SKILLS: • Ms Excel • Microsoft word 2010
[626, 630] B. Gokul Gokul, Uttar Pradesh - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/B-Gokul/ca7750b94830268d  I Wish to acquire a high level of capability in project management, technical, Commercial &amp; project control aspects by inspiring leadership, acumen to build &amp; lead a high Performing team to deliver results within strict time lines.  Willing to relocate: Anywhere  WORK EXPERIENCE  Software  Microsoft -  2018 to Present  • Tamil and English STRENGTH: • Honest and Innovative ACADEMIC PROJECT: • AADHAR (RFID) Card Based Voting Machine  EDUCATION  Government  State board  2015  SSLC in Government  State board  2013  BOARD UNIVERSITY  B.SC  Periyar University -  Salem, Tamil Nadu  SKILLS  EXCEL (Less than 1 year), MICROSOFT WORD (Less than 1 year), MICROSOFT WORD 2010 (Less than 1 year), MS EXCEL (Less than 1 year), WORD (Less than 1 year)  https://www.indeed.com/r/B-Gokul/ca7750b94830268d?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  COMPUTER SKILLS: • Ms Excel • Microsoft word 2010
[382, 391] B. Gokul Gokul, Uttar Pradesh - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/B-Gokul/ca7750b94830268d  I Wish to acquire a high level of capability in project management, technical, Commercial &amp; project control aspects by inspiring leadership, acumen to build &amp; lead a high Performing team to deliver results within strict time lines.  Willing to relocate: Anywhere  WORK EXPERIENCE  Software  Microsoft -  2018 to Present  • Tamil and English STRENGTH: • Honest and Innovative ACADEMIC PROJECT: • AADHAR (RFID) Card Based Voting Machine  EDUCATION  Government  State board  2015  SSLC in Government  State board  2013  BOARD UNIVERSITY  B.SC  Periyar University -  Salem, Tamil Nadu  SKILLS  EXCEL (Less than 1 year), MICROSOFT WORD (Less than 1 year), MICROSOFT WORD 2010 (Less than 1 year), MS EXCEL (Less than 1 year), WORD (Less than 1 year)  https://www.indeed.com/r/B-Gokul/ca7750b94830268d?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  COMPUTER SKILLS: • Ms Excel • Microsoft word 2010
[372, 378] B. Gokul Gokul, Uttar Pradesh - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/B-Gokul/ca7750b94830268d  I Wish to acquire a high level of capability in project management, technical, Commercial &amp; project control aspects by inspiring leadership, acumen to build &amp; lead a high Performing team to deliver results within strict time lines.  Willing to relocate: Anywhere  WORK EXPERIENCE  Software  Microsoft -  2018 to Present  • Tamil and English STRENGTH: • Honest and Innovative ACADEMIC PROJECT: • AADHAR (RFID) Card Based Voting Machine  EDUCATION  Government  State board  2015  SSLC in Government  State board  2013  BOARD UNIVERSITY  B.SC  Periyar University -  Salem, Tamil Nadu  SKILLS  EXCEL (Less than 1 year), MICROSOFT WORD (Less than 1 year), MICROSOFT WORD 2010 (Less than 1 year), MS EXCEL (Less than 1 year), WORD (Less than 1 year)  https://www.indeed.com/r/B-Gokul/ca7750b94830268d?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  COMPUTER SKILLS: • Ms Excel • Microsoft word 2010
[67, 72] B. Gokul Gokul, Uttar Pradesh - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/B-Gokul/ca7750b94830268d  I Wish to acquire a high level of capability in project management, technical, Commercial &amp; project control aspects by inspiring leadership, acumen to build &amp; lead a high Performing team to deliver results within strict time lines.  Willing to relocate: Anywhere  WORK EXPERIENCE  Software  Microsoft -  2018 to Present  • Tamil and English STRENGTH: • Honest and Innovative ACADEMIC PROJECT: • AADHAR (RFID) Card Based Voting Machine  EDUCATION  Government  State board  2015  SSLC in Government  State board  2013  BOARD UNIVERSITY  B.SC  Periyar University -  Salem, Tamil Nadu  SKILLS  EXCEL (Less than 1 year), MICROSOFT WORD (Less than 1 year), MICROSOFT WORD 2010 (Less than 1 year), MS EXCEL (Less than 1 year), WORD (Less than 1 year)  https://www.indeed.com/r/B-Gokul/ca7750b94830268d?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  COMPUTER SKILLS: • Ms Excel • Microsoft word 2010
[3321, 3376] Ganesh AlalaSundaram A Dev-Test Professional with 8+ Yrs of exp looking for SDET Lead/SDET/ Scrum Master/Program Manager roles.  Chennai, Tamil Nadu, Tamil Nadu - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Ganesh-AlalaSundaram/ dd5b500021e61f65  My long-term career objective is to lead programs that solves complex problems, responsible for product delivery and building products that positively impacts millions of consumers and enterprise users.  Willing to relocate: Anywhere  WORK EXPERIENCE  Consultant SDET  Microsoft -  June 2013 to Present  June 2013 - Present) Product Technologies: Cloud &amp; Mobile Migrations, DevOps for Test Strategies, Visual Studio, Azure. • Orchestrated projects as an Individual Contributor and Led teams across global engagements. • Contributed to 60% of the software component automation in the projects. Streamlined process and tools for Dev-Ops implementation that included training, metrics and reporting. • Led Manual and Automated Test Management to elevate the quality of Mobile (x Platform), Cloud and IoT Applications. Designed, Developed and Maintained automation coverage for UI and API layer by handshaking Visual Studio with Open Source frameworks. • Migrated millions of customers to Azure Cloud through FastTrack program. Developed Tools that reduced manual efforts worth 40 hours for each process.  Programmer Analyst  Cognizant -  March 2010 to May 2013  Built WCF services for iOS and Android Applications for a PoC which helped business to grab more mobile projects. • Delivered quality of products to customers with the stipulated time. Stand-ups, defect triage, brown bag sessions, bug-bash and retrospectives. Owned and managed weekly quality report. • Initiated transformation of web to mobile apps within project and assisted senior stakeholders of the company in analyzing the opportunity.  Projects IoT and Smart City Projects • Formulated the use of VSO Dashboards for ease of status reporting which reduced manual effort of an hour per day.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Ganesh-AlalaSundaram/dd5b500021e61f65?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN https://www.indeed.com/r/Ganesh-AlalaSundaram/dd5b500021e61f65?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   • Leveraged developer background to automate UI and API components through C#, Xamarin UI in iOS and Android apps. • Led process improvements that standardized operations that included on-boarding/reporting and customer acceptance.  PubSec Projects - Dubai/Columbia/New York • Coordinated between in-house and client teams and kept stakeholders informed of progress and milestones. • Supervised an avg. of 10-member software QA team in developing and implementing quality- assurance and quality-control methodologies to ensure compliance with QA standards. • Created tools that helped the development ecosystem by automating the long running manual process. • Brought a strong focus on "voice of the customer" into the software development function to ensure product and customer success Portfolio MSDN Blog - https://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/ganesh/ GitHub Repo- https://github.com/ganesh-alalasundaram/ Personal Website: http://www.ganeshalalasundaram.com  EDUCATION  Software Product Management  Product School -  New York, NY  Bachelor of Computer Science in Computer Science Engineering  Anna University  SKILLS  Automation, Testing, Mobile Testing, SDET, Scrum Master  CERTIFICATIONS/LICENSES  Certified ScrumMaster (CSM)  PUBLICATIONS  MSDN  https://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/ganesh  GIT  https://github.com/ganesh-alalasundaram  https://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/ganesh https://github.com/ganesh-alalasundaram
[3296, 3311] Ganesh AlalaSundaram A Dev-Test Professional with 8+ Yrs of exp looking for SDET Lead/SDET/ Scrum Master/Program Manager roles.  Chennai, Tamil Nadu, Tamil Nadu - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Ganesh-AlalaSundaram/ dd5b500021e61f65  My long-term career objective is to lead programs that solves complex problems, responsible for product delivery and building products that positively impacts millions of consumers and enterprise users.  Willing to relocate: Anywhere  WORK EXPERIENCE  Consultant SDET  Microsoft -  June 2013 to Present  June 2013 - Present) Product Technologies: Cloud &amp; Mobile Migrations, DevOps for Test Strategies, Visual Studio, Azure. • Orchestrated projects as an Individual Contributor and Led teams across global engagements. • Contributed to 60% of the software component automation in the projects. Streamlined process and tools for Dev-Ops implementation that included training, metrics and reporting. • Led Manual and Automated Test Management to elevate the quality of Mobile (x Platform), Cloud and IoT Applications. Designed, Developed and Maintained automation coverage for UI and API layer by handshaking Visual Studio with Open Source frameworks. • Migrated millions of customers to Azure Cloud through FastTrack program. Developed Tools that reduced manual efforts worth 40 hours for each process.  Programmer Analyst  Cognizant -  March 2010 to May 2013  Built WCF services for iOS and Android Applications for a PoC which helped business to grab more mobile projects. • Delivered quality of products to customers with the stipulated time. Stand-ups, defect triage, brown bag sessions, bug-bash and retrospectives. Owned and managed weekly quality report. • Initiated transformation of web to mobile apps within project and assisted senior stakeholders of the company in analyzing the opportunity.  Projects IoT and Smart City Projects • Formulated the use of VSO Dashboards for ease of status reporting which reduced manual effort of an hour per day.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Ganesh-AlalaSundaram/dd5b500021e61f65?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN https://www.indeed.com/r/Ganesh-AlalaSundaram/dd5b500021e61f65?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   • Leveraged developer background to automate UI and API components through C#, Xamarin UI in iOS and Android apps. • Led process improvements that standardized operations that included on-boarding/reporting and customer acceptance.  PubSec Projects - Dubai/Columbia/New York • Coordinated between in-house and client teams and kept stakeholders informed of progress and milestones. • Supervised an avg. of 10-member software QA team in developing and implementing quality- assurance and quality-control methodologies to ensure compliance with QA standards. • Created tools that helped the development ecosystem by automating the long running manual process. • Brought a strong focus on "voice of the customer" into the software development function to ensure product and customer success Portfolio MSDN Blog - https://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/ganesh/ GitHub Repo- https://github.com/ganesh-alalasundaram/ Personal Website: http://www.ganeshalalasundaram.com  EDUCATION  Software Product Management  Product School -  New York, NY  Bachelor of Computer Science in Computer Science Engineering  Anna University  SKILLS  Automation, Testing, Mobile Testing, SDET, Scrum Master  CERTIFICATIONS/LICENSES  Certified ScrumMaster (CSM)  PUBLICATIONS  MSDN  https://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/ganesh  GIT  https://github.com/ganesh-alalasundaram  https://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/ganesh https://github.com/ganesh-alalasundaram
[3234, 3294] Ganesh AlalaSundaram A Dev-Test Professional with 8+ Yrs of exp looking for SDET Lead/SDET/ Scrum Master/Program Manager roles.  Chennai, Tamil Nadu, Tamil Nadu - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Ganesh-AlalaSundaram/ dd5b500021e61f65  My long-term career objective is to lead programs that solves complex problems, responsible for product delivery and building products that positively impacts millions of consumers and enterprise users.  Willing to relocate: Anywhere  WORK EXPERIENCE  Consultant SDET  Microsoft -  June 2013 to Present  June 2013 - Present) Product Technologies: Cloud &amp; Mobile Migrations, DevOps for Test Strategies, Visual Studio, Azure. • Orchestrated projects as an Individual Contributor and Led teams across global engagements. • Contributed to 60% of the software component automation in the projects. Streamlined process and tools for Dev-Ops implementation that included training, metrics and reporting. • Led Manual and Automated Test Management to elevate the quality of Mobile (x Platform), Cloud and IoT Applications. Designed, Developed and Maintained automation coverage for UI and API layer by handshaking Visual Studio with Open Source frameworks. • Migrated millions of customers to Azure Cloud through FastTrack program. Developed Tools that reduced manual efforts worth 40 hours for each process.  Programmer Analyst  Cognizant -  March 2010 to May 2013  Built WCF services for iOS and Android Applications for a PoC which helped business to grab more mobile projects. • Delivered quality of products to customers with the stipulated time. Stand-ups, defect triage, brown bag sessions, bug-bash and retrospectives. Owned and managed weekly quality report. • Initiated transformation of web to mobile apps within project and assisted senior stakeholders of the company in analyzing the opportunity.  Projects IoT and Smart City Projects • Formulated the use of VSO Dashboards for ease of status reporting which reduced manual effort of an hour per day.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Ganesh-AlalaSundaram/dd5b500021e61f65?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN https://www.indeed.com/r/Ganesh-AlalaSundaram/dd5b500021e61f65?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   • Leveraged developer background to automate UI and API components through C#, Xamarin UI in iOS and Android apps. • Led process improvements that standardized operations that included on-boarding/reporting and customer acceptance.  PubSec Projects - Dubai/Columbia/New York • Coordinated between in-house and client teams and kept stakeholders informed of progress and milestones. • Supervised an avg. of 10-member software QA team in developing and implementing quality- assurance and quality-control methodologies to ensure compliance with QA standards. • Created tools that helped the development ecosystem by automating the long running manual process. • Brought a strong focus on "voice of the customer" into the software development function to ensure product and customer success Portfolio MSDN Blog - https://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/ganesh/ GitHub Repo- https://github.com/ganesh-alalasundaram/ Personal Website: http://www.ganeshalalasundaram.com  EDUCATION  Software Product Management  Product School -  New York, NY  Bachelor of Computer Science in Computer Science Engineering  Anna University  SKILLS  Automation, Testing, Mobile Testing, SDET, Scrum Master  CERTIFICATIONS/LICENSES  Certified ScrumMaster (CSM)  PUBLICATIONS  MSDN  https://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/ganesh  GIT  https://github.com/ganesh-alalasundaram  https://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/ganesh https://github.com/ganesh-alalasundaram
[3202, 3216] Ganesh AlalaSundaram A Dev-Test Professional with 8+ Yrs of exp looking for SDET Lead/SDET/ Scrum Master/Program Manager roles.  Chennai, Tamil Nadu, Tamil Nadu - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Ganesh-AlalaSundaram/ dd5b500021e61f65  My long-term career objective is to lead programs that solves complex problems, responsible for product delivery and building products that positively impacts millions of consumers and enterprise users.  Willing to relocate: Anywhere  WORK EXPERIENCE  Consultant SDET  Microsoft -  June 2013 to Present  June 2013 - Present) Product Technologies: Cloud &amp; Mobile Migrations, DevOps for Test Strategies, Visual Studio, Azure. • Orchestrated projects as an Individual Contributor and Led teams across global engagements. • Contributed to 60% of the software component automation in the projects. Streamlined process and tools for Dev-Ops implementation that included training, metrics and reporting. • Led Manual and Automated Test Management to elevate the quality of Mobile (x Platform), Cloud and IoT Applications. Designed, Developed and Maintained automation coverage for UI and API layer by handshaking Visual Studio with Open Source frameworks. • Migrated millions of customers to Azure Cloud through FastTrack program. Developed Tools that reduced manual efforts worth 40 hours for each process.  Programmer Analyst  Cognizant -  March 2010 to May 2013  Built WCF services for iOS and Android Applications for a PoC which helped business to grab more mobile projects. • Delivered quality of products to customers with the stipulated time. Stand-ups, defect triage, brown bag sessions, bug-bash and retrospectives. Owned and managed weekly quality report. • Initiated transformation of web to mobile apps within project and assisted senior stakeholders of the company in analyzing the opportunity.  Projects IoT and Smart City Projects • Formulated the use of VSO Dashboards for ease of status reporting which reduced manual effort of an hour per day.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Ganesh-AlalaSundaram/dd5b500021e61f65?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN https://www.indeed.com/r/Ganesh-AlalaSundaram/dd5b500021e61f65?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   • Leveraged developer background to automate UI and API components through C#, Xamarin UI in iOS and Android apps. • Led process improvements that standardized operations that included on-boarding/reporting and customer acceptance.  PubSec Projects - Dubai/Columbia/New York • Coordinated between in-house and client teams and kept stakeholders informed of progress and milestones. • Supervised an avg. of 10-member software QA team in developing and implementing quality- assurance and quality-control methodologies to ensure compliance with QA standards. • Created tools that helped the development ecosystem by automating the long running manual process. • Brought a strong focus on "voice of the customer" into the software development function to ensure product and customer success Portfolio MSDN Blog - https://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/ganesh/ GitHub Repo- https://github.com/ganesh-alalasundaram/ Personal Website: http://www.ganeshalalasundaram.com  EDUCATION  Software Product Management  Product School -  New York, NY  Bachelor of Computer Science in Computer Science Engineering  Anna University  SKILLS  Automation, Testing, Mobile Testing, SDET, Scrum Master  CERTIFICATIONS/LICENSES  Certified ScrumMaster (CSM)  PUBLICATIONS  MSDN  https://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/ganesh  GIT  https://github.com/ganesh-alalasundaram  https://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/ganesh https://github.com/ganesh-alalasundaram
[3173, 3200] Ganesh AlalaSundaram A Dev-Test Professional with 8+ Yrs of exp looking for SDET Lead/SDET/ Scrum Master/Program Manager roles.  Chennai, Tamil Nadu, Tamil Nadu - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Ganesh-AlalaSundaram/ dd5b500021e61f65  My long-term career objective is to lead programs that solves complex problems, responsible for product delivery and building products that positively impacts millions of consumers and enterprise users.  Willing to relocate: Anywhere  WORK EXPERIENCE  Consultant SDET  Microsoft -  June 2013 to Present  June 2013 - Present) Product Technologies: Cloud &amp; Mobile Migrations, DevOps for Test Strategies, Visual Studio, Azure. • Orchestrated projects as an Individual Contributor and Led teams across global engagements. • Contributed to 60% of the software component automation in the projects. Streamlined process and tools for Dev-Ops implementation that included training, metrics and reporting. • Led Manual and Automated Test Management to elevate the quality of Mobile (x Platform), Cloud and IoT Applications. Designed, Developed and Maintained automation coverage for UI and API layer by handshaking Visual Studio with Open Source frameworks. • Migrated millions of customers to Azure Cloud through FastTrack program. Developed Tools that reduced manual efforts worth 40 hours for each process.  Programmer Analyst  Cognizant -  March 2010 to May 2013  Built WCF services for iOS and Android Applications for a PoC which helped business to grab more mobile projects. • Delivered quality of products to customers with the stipulated time. Stand-ups, defect triage, brown bag sessions, bug-bash and retrospectives. Owned and managed weekly quality report. • Initiated transformation of web to mobile apps within project and assisted senior stakeholders of the company in analyzing the opportunity.  Projects IoT and Smart City Projects • Formulated the use of VSO Dashboards for ease of status reporting which reduced manual effort of an hour per day.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Ganesh-AlalaSundaram/dd5b500021e61f65?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN https://www.indeed.com/r/Ganesh-AlalaSundaram/dd5b500021e61f65?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   • Leveraged developer background to automate UI and API components through C#, Xamarin UI in iOS and Android apps. • Led process improvements that standardized operations that included on-boarding/reporting and customer acceptance.  PubSec Projects - Dubai/Columbia/New York • Coordinated between in-house and client teams and kept stakeholders informed of progress and milestones. • Supervised an avg. of 10-member software QA team in developing and implementing quality- assurance and quality-control methodologies to ensure compliance with QA standards. • Created tools that helped the development ecosystem by automating the long running manual process. • Brought a strong focus on "voice of the customer" into the software development function to ensure product and customer success Portfolio MSDN Blog - https://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/ganesh/ GitHub Repo- https://github.com/ganesh-alalasundaram/ Personal Website: http://www.ganeshalalasundaram.com  EDUCATION  Software Product Management  Product School -  New York, NY  Bachelor of Computer Science in Computer Science Engineering  Anna University  SKILLS  Automation, Testing, Mobile Testing, SDET, Scrum Master  CERTIFICATIONS/LICENSES  Certified ScrumMaster (CSM)  PUBLICATIONS  MSDN  https://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/ganesh  GIT  https://github.com/ganesh-alalasundaram  https://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/ganesh https://github.com/ganesh-alalasundaram
[2889, 3087] Akshay Dubey Actively looking for opportunity in .NET Development  Pune, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Akshay-Dubey/87dcd40b335e6ffa  To work in a challenging environment that will test me at all level and allow me to utilize my professional as well as personal skills by way of positive contribution to the organization.  Willing to relocate to: Pune, Maharashtra  WORK EXPERIENCE  Microsoft Student Partner  MICROSOFT -  January 2015 to July 2016  Undergraduate Program  ROLES &amp; RESPONSIBILITIES: • The Microsoft Student Partners (MSP) is a worldwide recognizable program for students majoring in disciplines related to technology. • A strong understanding of the overall set of Microsoft Visual languages and the .NET Framework along with specific demonstrable skills in one or more languages or technologies. • Conducted Session of Microsoft Azure Conference in September 2015. • Hosted tech events and gave demos on campus and actively involved in student technical clubs (Microsoft Campus Club), societies, and organizations, preferably in leadership roles. • Join exclusive Microsoft training events to learn the latest technologies. Attended the Student Technology Day, which included high-profile presentations, such as one by the CEO of Microsoft, Satya Nadella; and TechDays or DevCon (Developer Conference)  Web Link: https://akshaydubey.wordpress.com/  Microsoft Student Associate  MICROSOFT -  July 2014 to December 2015  Undergraduate Program  ROLES &amp; RESPONSIBILITIES: • The Microsoft Student Associate (MSA) program is an educational and promotional program especially for undergraduates Students. • Microsoft Student Associates are technology enthusiasts, student influencers using technology for social impact. • Learn &amp; implement emerging technologies like Microsoft Visual Studio IDE, ASP.NET, and useful desktop application using the free tools &amp; emulator.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Akshay-Dubey/87dcd40b335e6ffa?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   • Promoting and building city-level Microsoft Student User Group collaborating with other MSPs.  Web Link: https://admicrosoft.blogspot.in/  BE PROJECT UNDERTAKEN: • PROJECT TITLE: Web Based Authentication Providing High Security of Graphical Images Making Ninja Password Authentication Tool.  • PROJECT DESCRIPTION: It was developed on ASP.NET framework and the main objective is to providing high security wall on web application and make convenient to user or stakeholder to secure their web application by using MS SQL Server database.  EDUCATION  B.E  Sinhgad Institute  2016  HSC  Maharashtra State -  Lonavale, Maharashtra  2012  SSC  Maharashtra State  2010  Technology & Science  Pune University -  Lonavale, Maharashtra  SKILLS  .NET (3 years), ASP (1 year), ASP.NET (1 year), C# (1 year), databases. (1 year), C++, Css, Javascript, Html, C  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  TECHNICAL SKILLS  Programming Languages C# .NET, CPP, C  Web Development ASP.NET, HTML, CSS, JavaScript    Tools used MS visual Studio v2013, MS SQL Server v2008  Operating Systems Windows 10 / 8.1/ 7  Databases MS-SQL
[2734, 2845] Akshay Dubey Actively looking for opportunity in .NET Development  Pune, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Akshay-Dubey/87dcd40b335e6ffa  To work in a challenging environment that will test me at all level and allow me to utilize my professional as well as personal skills by way of positive contribution to the organization.  Willing to relocate to: Pune, Maharashtra  WORK EXPERIENCE  Microsoft Student Partner  MICROSOFT -  January 2015 to July 2016  Undergraduate Program  ROLES &amp; RESPONSIBILITIES: • The Microsoft Student Partners (MSP) is a worldwide recognizable program for students majoring in disciplines related to technology. • A strong understanding of the overall set of Microsoft Visual languages and the .NET Framework along with specific demonstrable skills in one or more languages or technologies. • Conducted Session of Microsoft Azure Conference in September 2015. • Hosted tech events and gave demos on campus and actively involved in student technical clubs (Microsoft Campus Club), societies, and organizations, preferably in leadership roles. • Join exclusive Microsoft training events to learn the latest technologies. Attended the Student Technology Day, which included high-profile presentations, such as one by the CEO of Microsoft, Satya Nadella; and TechDays or DevCon (Developer Conference)  Web Link: https://akshaydubey.wordpress.com/  Microsoft Student Associate  MICROSOFT -  July 2014 to December 2015  Undergraduate Program  ROLES &amp; RESPONSIBILITIES: • The Microsoft Student Associate (MSA) program is an educational and promotional program especially for undergraduates Students. • Microsoft Student Associates are technology enthusiasts, student influencers using technology for social impact. • Learn &amp; implement emerging technologies like Microsoft Visual Studio IDE, ASP.NET, and useful desktop application using the free tools &amp; emulator.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Akshay-Dubey/87dcd40b335e6ffa?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   • Promoting and building city-level Microsoft Student User Group collaborating with other MSPs.  Web Link: https://admicrosoft.blogspot.in/  BE PROJECT UNDERTAKEN: • PROJECT TITLE: Web Based Authentication Providing High Security of Graphical Images Making Ninja Password Authentication Tool.  • PROJECT DESCRIPTION: It was developed on ASP.NET framework and the main objective is to providing high security wall on web application and make convenient to user or stakeholder to secure their web application by using MS SQL Server database.  EDUCATION  B.E  Sinhgad Institute  2016  HSC  Maharashtra State -  Lonavale, Maharashtra  2012  SSC  Maharashtra State  2010  Technology & Science  Pune University -  Lonavale, Maharashtra  SKILLS  .NET (3 years), ASP (1 year), ASP.NET (1 year), C# (1 year), databases. (1 year), C++, Css, Javascript, Html, C  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  TECHNICAL SKILLS  Programming Languages C# .NET, CPP, C  Web Development ASP.NET, HTML, CSS, JavaScript    Tools used MS visual Studio v2013, MS SQL Server v2008  Operating Systems Windows 10 / 8.1/ 7  Databases MS-SQL
[2684, 2688] Akshay Dubey Actively looking for opportunity in .NET Development  Pune, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Akshay-Dubey/87dcd40b335e6ffa  To work in a challenging environment that will test me at all level and allow me to utilize my professional as well as personal skills by way of positive contribution to the organization.  Willing to relocate to: Pune, Maharashtra  WORK EXPERIENCE  Microsoft Student Partner  MICROSOFT -  January 2015 to July 2016  Undergraduate Program  ROLES &amp; RESPONSIBILITIES: • The Microsoft Student Partners (MSP) is a worldwide recognizable program for students majoring in disciplines related to technology. • A strong understanding of the overall set of Microsoft Visual languages and the .NET Framework along with specific demonstrable skills in one or more languages or technologies. • Conducted Session of Microsoft Azure Conference in September 2015. • Hosted tech events and gave demos on campus and actively involved in student technical clubs (Microsoft Campus Club), societies, and organizations, preferably in leadership roles. • Join exclusive Microsoft training events to learn the latest technologies. Attended the Student Technology Day, which included high-profile presentations, such as one by the CEO of Microsoft, Satya Nadella; and TechDays or DevCon (Developer Conference)  Web Link: https://akshaydubey.wordpress.com/  Microsoft Student Associate  MICROSOFT -  July 2014 to December 2015  Undergraduate Program  ROLES &amp; RESPONSIBILITIES: • The Microsoft Student Associate (MSA) program is an educational and promotional program especially for undergraduates Students. • Microsoft Student Associates are technology enthusiasts, student influencers using technology for social impact. • Learn &amp; implement emerging technologies like Microsoft Visual Studio IDE, ASP.NET, and useful desktop application using the free tools &amp; emulator.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Akshay-Dubey/87dcd40b335e6ffa?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   • Promoting and building city-level Microsoft Student User Group collaborating with other MSPs.  Web Link: https://admicrosoft.blogspot.in/  BE PROJECT UNDERTAKEN: • PROJECT TITLE: Web Based Authentication Providing High Security of Graphical Images Making Ninja Password Authentication Tool.  • PROJECT DESCRIPTION: It was developed on ASP.NET framework and the main objective is to providing high security wall on web application and make convenient to user or stakeholder to secure their web application by using MS SQL Server database.  EDUCATION  B.E  Sinhgad Institute  2016  HSC  Maharashtra State -  Lonavale, Maharashtra  2012  SSC  Maharashtra State  2010  Technology & Science  Pune University -  Lonavale, Maharashtra  SKILLS  .NET (3 years), ASP (1 year), ASP.NET (1 year), C# (1 year), databases. (1 year), C++, Css, Javascript, Html, C  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  TECHNICAL SKILLS  Programming Languages C# .NET, CPP, C  Web Development ASP.NET, HTML, CSS, JavaScript    Tools used MS visual Studio v2013, MS SQL Server v2008  Operating Systems Windows 10 / 8.1/ 7  Databases MS-SQL
[2552, 2569] Akshay Dubey Actively looking for opportunity in .NET Development  Pune, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Akshay-Dubey/87dcd40b335e6ffa  To work in a challenging environment that will test me at all level and allow me to utilize my professional as well as personal skills by way of positive contribution to the organization.  Willing to relocate to: Pune, Maharashtra  WORK EXPERIENCE  Microsoft Student Partner  MICROSOFT -  January 2015 to July 2016  Undergraduate Program  ROLES &amp; RESPONSIBILITIES: • The Microsoft Student Partners (MSP) is a worldwide recognizable program for students majoring in disciplines related to technology. • A strong understanding of the overall set of Microsoft Visual languages and the .NET Framework along with specific demonstrable skills in one or more languages or technologies. • Conducted Session of Microsoft Azure Conference in September 2015. • Hosted tech events and gave demos on campus and actively involved in student technical clubs (Microsoft Campus Club), societies, and organizations, preferably in leadership roles. • Join exclusive Microsoft training events to learn the latest technologies. Attended the Student Technology Day, which included high-profile presentations, such as one by the CEO of Microsoft, Satya Nadella; and TechDays or DevCon (Developer Conference)  Web Link: https://akshaydubey.wordpress.com/  Microsoft Student Associate  MICROSOFT -  July 2014 to December 2015  Undergraduate Program  ROLES &amp; RESPONSIBILITIES: • The Microsoft Student Associate (MSA) program is an educational and promotional program especially for undergraduates Students. • Microsoft Student Associates are technology enthusiasts, student influencers using technology for social impact. • Learn &amp; implement emerging technologies like Microsoft Visual Studio IDE, ASP.NET, and useful desktop application using the free tools &amp; emulator.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Akshay-Dubey/87dcd40b335e6ffa?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   • Promoting and building city-level Microsoft Student User Group collaborating with other MSPs.  Web Link: https://admicrosoft.blogspot.in/  BE PROJECT UNDERTAKEN: • PROJECT TITLE: Web Based Authentication Providing High Security of Graphical Images Making Ninja Password Authentication Tool.  • PROJECT DESCRIPTION: It was developed on ASP.NET framework and the main objective is to providing high security wall on web application and make convenient to user or stakeholder to secure their web application by using MS SQL Server database.  EDUCATION  B.E  Sinhgad Institute  2016  HSC  Maharashtra State -  Lonavale, Maharashtra  2012  SSC  Maharashtra State  2010  Technology & Science  Pune University -  Lonavale, Maharashtra  SKILLS  .NET (3 years), ASP (1 year), ASP.NET (1 year), C# (1 year), databases. (1 year), C++, Css, Javascript, Html, C  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  TECHNICAL SKILLS  Programming Languages C# .NET, CPP, C  Web Development ASP.NET, HTML, CSS, JavaScript    Tools used MS visual Studio v2013, MS SQL Server v2008  Operating Systems Windows 10 / 8.1/ 7  Databases MS-SQL
[2547, 2550] Akshay Dubey Actively looking for opportunity in .NET Development  Pune, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Akshay-Dubey/87dcd40b335e6ffa  To work in a challenging environment that will test me at all level and allow me to utilize my professional as well as personal skills by way of positive contribution to the organization.  Willing to relocate to: Pune, Maharashtra  WORK EXPERIENCE  Microsoft Student Partner  MICROSOFT -  January 2015 to July 2016  Undergraduate Program  ROLES &amp; RESPONSIBILITIES: • The Microsoft Student Partners (MSP) is a worldwide recognizable program for students majoring in disciplines related to technology. • A strong understanding of the overall set of Microsoft Visual languages and the .NET Framework along with specific demonstrable skills in one or more languages or technologies. • Conducted Session of Microsoft Azure Conference in September 2015. • Hosted tech events and gave demos on campus and actively involved in student technical clubs (Microsoft Campus Club), societies, and organizations, preferably in leadership roles. • Join exclusive Microsoft training events to learn the latest technologies. Attended the Student Technology Day, which included high-profile presentations, such as one by the CEO of Microsoft, Satya Nadella; and TechDays or DevCon (Developer Conference)  Web Link: https://akshaydubey.wordpress.com/  Microsoft Student Associate  MICROSOFT -  July 2014 to December 2015  Undergraduate Program  ROLES &amp; RESPONSIBILITIES: • The Microsoft Student Associate (MSA) program is an educational and promotional program especially for undergraduates Students. • Microsoft Student Associates are technology enthusiasts, student influencers using technology for social impact. • Learn &amp; implement emerging technologies like Microsoft Visual Studio IDE, ASP.NET, and useful desktop application using the free tools &amp; emulator.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Akshay-Dubey/87dcd40b335e6ffa?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   • Promoting and building city-level Microsoft Student User Group collaborating with other MSPs.  Web Link: https://admicrosoft.blogspot.in/  BE PROJECT UNDERTAKEN: • PROJECT TITLE: Web Based Authentication Providing High Security of Graphical Images Making Ninja Password Authentication Tool.  • PROJECT DESCRIPTION: It was developed on ASP.NET framework and the main objective is to providing high security wall on web application and make convenient to user or stakeholder to secure their web application by using MS SQL Server database.  EDUCATION  B.E  Sinhgad Institute  2016  HSC  Maharashtra State -  Lonavale, Maharashtra  2012  SSC  Maharashtra State  2010  Technology & Science  Pune University -  Lonavale, Maharashtra  SKILLS  .NET (3 years), ASP (1 year), ASP.NET (1 year), C# (1 year), databases. (1 year), C++, Css, Javascript, Html, C  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  TECHNICAL SKILLS  Programming Languages C# .NET, CPP, C  Web Development ASP.NET, HTML, CSS, JavaScript    Tools used MS visual Studio v2013, MS SQL Server v2008  Operating Systems Windows 10 / 8.1/ 7  Databases MS-SQL
[1909, 1951] Akshay Dubey Actively looking for opportunity in .NET Development  Pune, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Akshay-Dubey/87dcd40b335e6ffa  To work in a challenging environment that will test me at all level and allow me to utilize my professional as well as personal skills by way of positive contribution to the organization.  Willing to relocate to: Pune, Maharashtra  WORK EXPERIENCE  Microsoft Student Partner  MICROSOFT -  January 2015 to July 2016  Undergraduate Program  ROLES &amp; RESPONSIBILITIES: • The Microsoft Student Partners (MSP) is a worldwide recognizable program for students majoring in disciplines related to technology. • A strong understanding of the overall set of Microsoft Visual languages and the .NET Framework along with specific demonstrable skills in one or more languages or technologies. • Conducted Session of Microsoft Azure Conference in September 2015. • Hosted tech events and gave demos on campus and actively involved in student technical clubs (Microsoft Campus Club), societies, and organizations, preferably in leadership roles. • Join exclusive Microsoft training events to learn the latest technologies. Attended the Student Technology Day, which included high-profile presentations, such as one by the CEO of Microsoft, Satya Nadella; and TechDays or DevCon (Developer Conference)  Web Link: https://akshaydubey.wordpress.com/  Microsoft Student Associate  MICROSOFT -  July 2014 to December 2015  Undergraduate Program  ROLES &amp; RESPONSIBILITIES: • The Microsoft Student Associate (MSA) program is an educational and promotional program especially for undergraduates Students. • Microsoft Student Associates are technology enthusiasts, student influencers using technology for social impact. • Learn &amp; implement emerging technologies like Microsoft Visual Studio IDE, ASP.NET, and useful desktop application using the free tools &amp; emulator.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Akshay-Dubey/87dcd40b335e6ffa?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   • Promoting and building city-level Microsoft Student User Group collaborating with other MSPs.  Web Link: https://admicrosoft.blogspot.in/  BE PROJECT UNDERTAKEN: • PROJECT TITLE: Web Based Authentication Providing High Security of Graphical Images Making Ninja Password Authentication Tool.  • PROJECT DESCRIPTION: It was developed on ASP.NET framework and the main objective is to providing high security wall on web application and make convenient to user or stakeholder to secure their web application by using MS SQL Server database.  EDUCATION  B.E  Sinhgad Institute  2016  HSC  Maharashtra State -  Lonavale, Maharashtra  2012  SSC  Maharashtra State  2010  Technology & Science  Pune University -  Lonavale, Maharashtra  SKILLS  .NET (3 years), ASP (1 year), ASP.NET (1 year), C# (1 year), databases. (1 year), C++, Css, Javascript, Html, C  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  TECHNICAL SKILLS  Programming Languages C# .NET, CPP, C  Web Development ASP.NET, HTML, CSS, JavaScript    Tools used MS visual Studio v2013, MS SQL Server v2008  Operating Systems Windows 10 / 8.1/ 7  Databases MS-SQL
[1412, 1421] Akshay Dubey Actively looking for opportunity in .NET Development  Pune, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Akshay-Dubey/87dcd40b335e6ffa  To work in a challenging environment that will test me at all level and allow me to utilize my professional as well as personal skills by way of positive contribution to the organization.  Willing to relocate to: Pune, Maharashtra  WORK EXPERIENCE  Microsoft Student Partner  MICROSOFT -  January 2015 to July 2016  Undergraduate Program  ROLES &amp; RESPONSIBILITIES: • The Microsoft Student Partners (MSP) is a worldwide recognizable program for students majoring in disciplines related to technology. • A strong understanding of the overall set of Microsoft Visual languages and the .NET Framework along with specific demonstrable skills in one or more languages or technologies. • Conducted Session of Microsoft Azure Conference in September 2015. • Hosted tech events and gave demos on campus and actively involved in student technical clubs (Microsoft Campus Club), societies, and organizations, preferably in leadership roles. • Join exclusive Microsoft training events to learn the latest technologies. Attended the Student Technology Day, which included high-profile presentations, such as one by the CEO of Microsoft, Satya Nadella; and TechDays or DevCon (Developer Conference)  Web Link: https://akshaydubey.wordpress.com/  Microsoft Student Associate  MICROSOFT -  July 2014 to December 2015  Undergraduate Program  ROLES &amp; RESPONSIBILITIES: • The Microsoft Student Associate (MSA) program is an educational and promotional program especially for undergraduates Students. • Microsoft Student Associates are technology enthusiasts, student influencers using technology for social impact. • Learn &amp; implement emerging technologies like Microsoft Visual Studio IDE, ASP.NET, and useful desktop application using the free tools &amp; emulator.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Akshay-Dubey/87dcd40b335e6ffa?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   • Promoting and building city-level Microsoft Student User Group collaborating with other MSPs.  Web Link: https://admicrosoft.blogspot.in/  BE PROJECT UNDERTAKEN: • PROJECT TITLE: Web Based Authentication Providing High Security of Graphical Images Making Ninja Password Authentication Tool.  • PROJECT DESCRIPTION: It was developed on ASP.NET framework and the main objective is to providing high security wall on web application and make convenient to user or stakeholder to secure their web application by using MS SQL Server database.  EDUCATION  B.E  Sinhgad Institute  2016  HSC  Maharashtra State -  Lonavale, Maharashtra  2012  SSC  Maharashtra State  2010  Technology & Science  Pune University -  Lonavale, Maharashtra  SKILLS  .NET (3 years), ASP (1 year), ASP.NET (1 year), C# (1 year), databases. (1 year), C++, Css, Javascript, Html, C  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  TECHNICAL SKILLS  Programming Languages C# .NET, CPP, C  Web Development ASP.NET, HTML, CSS, JavaScript    Tools used MS visual Studio v2013, MS SQL Server v2008  Operating Systems Windows 10 / 8.1/ 7  Databases MS-SQL
[2163, 2205] Suman Biswas SAP UI5 Lead, Native HANA Developer - Royal Dutch Shell  Bengaluru, Karnataka - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Suman-Biswas/63db95fe3ae14910  Willing to relocate to: Toronto, ON  WORK EXPERIENCE  Software Engineer  Shell -  Bangalore, Karnataka -  March 2016 to Present  SAP UI5 Lead, Native HANA Developer • Technical leader of frontend team (5 team members) for SAP UI5, Fiori, OData, XSJS since 2016. • Successfully delivered seven end to end development projects (CRV, CRD, Prelude, Charon, CTT, GPD, AIF). • Analyse business requirement, develop solution, prepare prototype, security model, application architecture, effort estimation and involve in development delivery.  • Project to expose on-premise HANA box data to outside world via HCP connectivity for mobile application. • Requirement analysis, planning, design and developing the multiple HANA XS application. • Creation of HANA tables, calculation views, used unit and currency conversion.  • Implementing row level and application enable security in applications using Analytic privilege, xsaccess.  • Worked in Agile and DevOps methodology. • Interviewer on SAP UI5 and XS since 2016 for SAPUI5. • Worked in AngularJs 1.5.  Software Engineer  IBM -  Bangalore -  August 2008 to January 2016  Performed four roles, Native HANA developer (July 2013 – January, 2016), team lead and onsite coordinator (March, 2011 – June, 2013), SAP BI professional (January, 2010 – February, 2011), VBA developer (August, 2008 – December, 2009) • Worked for British Petroleum (BP, UK), National Grid (NG, UK) and Lab for SAP Solution (LSS, US) account. • 2+ years worked in SAP HANA native development for LSS and NG.  • Developed 9 dash boards for semi real time reports for NG using HANA calculation view and HANA live. • Developed 3 projects in SAP HANA XS and SAP UI5, Lumira applications.  • Worked in SAP BI/IP based production support system (financial planning application) for 5+ years in BP downstream business.  • Saved 60,000 man hours by implementing CI in 2012. It was best CI of the year. • Performed team lead role at BP account of 6 members team for more than 2 years.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Suman-Biswas/63db95fe3ae14910?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   • Worked as onsite coordinator at BP (London, UK) for more than 2 years and used to report BP senior managers (marketing and refining). • Managed incident, change and release management in production support system. • SME for Visual Basic for Application (VBA) and SAP BEx Report Customization for about 2 years. • Worked in National Grid account (energy industry, UK) for plant management using native HANA development. • Helped IBM presales team by developing POCs to get new business (mock applications showcased to potential clients) in LSS account.  Senior Web Developer – Microsoft Technology  Global System Technologies -  Kolkata, West Bengal -  January 2008 to July 2008  • Developed multiple web applications using ASP.Net, C#.Net, ADO.Net and SQL Server for clients. Used to work in MS.Net 2 version. There were online music store, shopping cart and multiple B2B & B2C applications.  Senior Web Developer - Microsoft Technology  Global System Technologies Private Limited -  January 2008 to July 2008  Developed multiple web applications using ASP.Net, C#.Net, ADO.Net and SQL Server for clients. Used to work in MS.Net 2 version. There were online music store, shopping cart and multiple B2B & B2C applications.  Software Developer-Microsoft Technologies  VIBGYOR TechSolutions -  Kolkata, West Bengal -  April 2007 to December 2007  • Mostly worked in C#.Net, MS SQL Server, XML, flash action script v.2. • Worked in network programming using TCP socket, multi-threading, image processing applications.  Software Developer-Microsoft Technologies  VIBGYOR TechSolutions -  April 2007 to December 2007  • Mostly worked in C#.Net, MS SQL Server, XML, flash action script v.2. • Worked in network programming using TCP socket, multi-threading, image processing applications.  Microsoft.Net Developer  Bright Soft Solutions -  March 2006 to February 2007    • Primarily worked in MS SQL Server and C#.Net with remoting, OOP, multi-threading, 2D dynamic animation. • Developed online poker card games (Texas hold 'em, Omaha) development for US client.  Award and Recognition • Shell CIO award, 2016. • Best of IBM award, 2012. • Best CI of the year award, 2012.  EDUCATION  MBA in Information Technology  Sikkim Manipal University  2013  Bachelor of Arts  University of Calcutta -  Kolkata, West Bengal  2005  'A' Level in Computer Application  DOEACC  2003  'O' Level in Computer Application  DOEACC  2002  SKILLS  SAP HANA (4 years), SAP UI5/Fiori (4 years), AngularJs (Less than 1 year), Web Development (8 years), Asp.Net (5 years), C# (4 years), SQL Server (3 years), HTML5 (5 years), Javascript (6 years), CSS3 (6 years), Software Solution Design (2 years), VBA (2 years), SAP BI (2 years)  LINKS  https://www.linkedin.com/in/sumanbiswas2018  AWARDS  Shell CIO award  October 2016  Received Shell CIO award for Prelude project.  https://www.linkedin.com/in/sumanbiswas2018   Best of IBM award  December 2012  Best of IBM award to perform outstanding performance for the whole year.  Best CI of the year award  December 2012  In 2012 can able to save 60,000 man hours by generating continuous improvement (CI) in technical area of our project. The work won the best CI award for 2012.  CERTIFICATIONS/LICENSES  Introduction to Oil Industry from “The Oxford Princeton Programme”, 2016.  June 2016 to Present  Introduction to Gas Industry from “The Oxford Princeton Programme”, 2016  June 2016 to Present  PUBLICATIONS  Technical Blog on Socket Programming in C#  http://socketprogramming.blogspot.com/  January 2011  Detail technical blog on socket and multi-thread programming using C#.Net with lots of sample code for beginner to advance level programmer.  It has more than 15 posts. Till now it has more than 2.7 million views.  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Self-initiative • Developed social network application (alap.me, 2012 - 2014) using C#.Net, ASP.Net, MySQL, JavaScript/jQuery, CSS, HTML5. With development. • Alap.me having social feature with live chat, messaging, friendship, photo and status share.  • For alap.me, setup and managed Windows 2008 server, Web server (IIS7), MySQL DB setup, schedule backup, email server configuration, chat server development and setup, client-server load balancing to optimize CPU performance, email marking with process development. • Developed (in 2012) blooddonornetwork.com for social support.  http://socketprogramming.blogspot.com/
[1192, 1234] Roshan Sinha Application Developer - SAP ABAP  Kolkata, West Bengal - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Roshan-Sinha/ab398efcd288724f  Willing to relocate to: Kolkata, West Bengal - Bangalore City, Karnataka - NCR, Delhi  WORK EXPERIENCE  Application Developer  SAP ABAP -  Kolkata, West Bengal -  March 2011 to April 2018  Joined as Associate System Engineer, worked as Application Developer for maintenance and development of SAP systems for clients from Distribution, Chemicals and Petrochemicals and Industrial sectors.  Application Developer  IBM India Pvt. Ltd. -  April 2011 to March 2018  Application Development and Maintainence services on SAP using ABAP as programming language.  Application Developer  SAP ABAP -  Kolkata, West Bengal -  June 2017 to November 2017  Non-ALE Outbound File Interfaces for Forward and Reverse Logistics Application from SAP to EMM system Return, Replacement and Dispatched IMEI and SIM Serial Data Interfaces.  Application Developer  SAP ABAP -  July 2016 to November 2017  IMSP Applications built on OOPS-ABAP, BAPI, FM. Smartform for Credit/Invoice Note  Application Developer  SAP ABAP -  Kolkata, West Bengal -  May 2017 to June 2017  https://www.indeed.com/r/Roshan-Sinha/ab398efcd288724f?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   from Repacking - Batch creation, Create Inbound Delivery, Reprint Handling Unit, Post Goods Movement, Goods Receipt and Goods Issue.  Application Developer  SAP ABAP -  Kolkata, West Bengal -  January 2017 to May 2017  Audit and Tax applications built on reports and enhancements in ABAP, Purchase TAX Reports, C/F Forms.  Application Developer  SAP ABAP -  Kolkata, West Bengal -  July 2013 to July 2016  Upload Purchase Order Header Data. DIM Monthly Price deviation table. EHS Module: - LACK1 report, Where-Used Report and CK2/CK3 Interface  Application Developer  SAP ABAP -  Bengaluru, Karnataka -  February 2013 to June 2013  Design and Implement Technical Strategies for the Team Deliverable along with Leads.  Uploading of Internal Orders (Cost Objects) using Batch Input Recording.  Uploading of Direct Purchase Orders using BAPI.  Implementation of User Exit for overriding standard billing document number ranges.  Implementation of Pricing List Category Quote Order Header in CRM and SD.  Enhancement for Filter products by material type in GTS.  Develop adding custom fields and field logic in CRM WEBUI  Application Developer  SAP ABAP -  Kolkata, West Bengal -  January 2013 to February 2013  Developed Outbound Interface Report from SAP to CLM, spool generation and Enhancement of Screen Elements using Dynamic Search Help.  Application Developer    SAP ABAP -  Kolkata, West Bengal -  January 2012 to December 2012  Worked on Remedy Tickets for issues with following applications: - Overtime Request on BP People Portal enhancement from Time Attendance domain in HR. TAX certificate Administration from Payroll. Worked on Custom Infotype for TAX Form.  Application Developer  SAP ABAP -  Kolkata, West Bengal -  August 2011 to December 2011  Enhancement of standard and custom transaction, interfaces and e-forms  EDUCATION  B.Tech in Technology  Anna University Chennai -  Chennai, Tamil Nadu  2010  SKILLS  Sap Abap  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  SKILLS  SAP ABAP OOPS-ABAP
[1454, 1499] Srushti Bhadale Mumbai, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Srushti-Bhadale/ffe3d9f99a4b3322  Willing to relocate to: Mumbai, Maharashtra - Mumbai Central, Maharashtra - Pune, Maharashtra  WORK EXPERIENCE  Associate Consultant  Oracle Financial Services -  Bengaluru, Karnataka -  September 2017 to Present  • Currently associated as Associate Consultant with Oracle Financial Services Software. • Trained on Java, Plsql, Flexcube for 3 months from Oracle University.  Project Name KeyBank Project Team OBP team Project Duration 2 months Project Description • KeyBank, the primary subsidiary of KeyCorp is the major bank based in Cleveland. It uses Oracle Banking Platform to provide Online and Mobile Innovation to Meet Customers' Changing Expectations. • OBP team provides Web services, Business processes, domain services functionality to KeyBank.  Project Role and Contribution • Worked on migration of OBP product services from 2.3 to 2.6.1 using Java, Plsql, SOAP UI technologies. • Handled and worked on batch uploads. • Worked on Code incremental and DB incremental activities. • Configured Junit setup for the upgrade activities. • Unit Tested and modified the changes required for OBP consulting upgrade. • Worked on fixing various defects that were part of OBP product code and database upgrade. • Worked on Fund transfer module of OBP.  EDUCATION  HSC  D.G Ruparel College  2013  SSC  Convent Girls' High School  2011  https://www.indeed.com/r/Srushti-Bhadale/ffe3d9f99a4b3322?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   SKILLS  Associate (Less than 1 year), CSS. (Less than 1 year), HTML5 (Less than 1 year), Java (Less than 1 year), JavaScript (Less than 1 year)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  TECHNICAL SKILL SET:  • Programming Languages: C, Java, JavaScript, SQL. • Web Technologies: HTML5, CSS. • Working Platform: Windows, Linux. WORKSHOP/CERTIFICATION:  • Ethical Hacking and IT Security workshop held at Vidyalankar Institute of Technology on 6th and 13th February 2016. • Certificate for attending Seminar cum Demo Workshop - Cloud and Virtualization held at Vidyalankar Institute of Technology on 5th March 2016. • Microsoft Technological Associate course held at Vidyalankar Institute of Technology from 16th August to 7th October 2014.  ACHIEVEMENT:  • Certificate of merit for securing first place in Semester 5. • Awarded scholarship for the academic year […] from Tata Education and Development Trust for securing distinction in both Semester 5 and Semester 6.
[2272, 2316] Tejasri Gunnam Bengaluru, Karnataka - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Tejasri-Gunnam/6ef1426c95ee894c  • 3 years of experience in IT industry, involved in Software Testing. • Proficient in development of Test Plans, Functional test scriptsfor Functionality Testing and Integration Testing, Test Execution, Defect Reporting, RegressionTesting. • Very Good in GUI, Functional and Performance testing. • Well Acquainted With Bug Tracking Tools like CDETS, BUG SCRUBBER, MANTIS, JIRA • Profound Knowledge in Software Testing Life Cycle. • Involved in Preparing Test Cases and Test Reports. • Knowledge on Quality Standards like ISO • CCNA certified • Very good knowledge in security testing. • Knowledge in Python scripting.  WORK EXPERIENCE  Cisco SystemsIndPvtLtd -  Bengaluru, Karnataka -  September 2012 to Present  under the payroll of GoldStone Technologies  Agile team Member, Testing, Security testing  Cisco SystemsIndPvtLtd -  Bengaluru, Karnataka -  September 2012 to Present  Duration Sep 2012 - Till date Team Size 15 Members Role Agile team Member, Testing, Security testing  Description: CSPC is a collector which is integrated with different CSOs (Common Service Objects) like the device discovery CSO, core collection, connectivity and data normalization. Together we call as CSPC or Common Services Platform Collector.CSPC-NOS is an add-on service which is written on top of the CSPC i.e., extra software written by the Nos team based on the CSPC 2.0 base code to cater to a group of customers. CSPC-NOS support on both Windows and Linux Cent OS platform. The Windows CSPC-NOS client can connect to the CSPC-NOS Linux server and vice- versa. Devices can be added manually or using the import seed file. When importing a seed file/ When Device discovery is triggered the Device discovery module collects light inventory data from the devices. The light inventory data contain information like Sys Object Id, device family, OS-version etc. . (This information collected can be seen by going to Reports->Managed Devices) This light inventory data is used by the inventory module to load the model rule for the respective device. This data is also used by the base collector to decide whether the device is managed or unmanaged.  Responsibilities:  https://www.indeed.com/r/Tejasri-Gunnam/6ef1426c95ee894c?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   ➢ Involved Identifying Scenarios to be tested ➢ Preparing Test Cases ➢ Executing Test Cases ➢ Automating Testcases using TCL scripting ➢ Preparing Progress Report for Sign Off ➢ Test Plan ➢ Traceability Matrix ➢ Order Progression ➢ Raising and reporting defects to dev team ➢ Defect Management on monthly basis ➢ Participated in Defect prevention meetings on quarterly basis to reduce defect density. Security Testing: ➢ Threat Modelling ➢ Gap Analysis using CSERV ➢ Manual Penetration Testing (Proxy testing and SSL scanning) ➢ Vulnerability Assessment using Nessus and Retina tools  DECLARATION I hereby declare that the above-mentioned information is correct up to my knowledge and I bear the responsibility for the correctness of the above-mentioned particulars.  Date: Place:Bangalore ( G Tejasri)  EDUCATION  B.Tech in Electrical and Electronics Engineering  Pondicherry University -  Puducherry, Puducherry  M.Tech in Power Electronics and Instrumentation Engineering  Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University  SKILLS  Gap Analysis (5 years), Nessus (5 years), Security (5 years), SSL (5 years), testing (5 years)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  SKILL SET Databases: Oracle &SQL Server Operating System: MS-DOS, Windows 98/XP &UNIX, Windows 7 Languages: C, C++ Testing Tools: Q.T.P, Win Runner7.5, Load Runner 9.5 Networking: Hands on Experience On Cisco devices, AAA, TACACS, RADIUS, VPNs Security: Security scans using Nessus and Retina tools, Penetration testing using Proxy and SSL scans, GAP Analysis using CSERV
[1358, 1400] Mahesh Vijay Bengaluru, Karnataka - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Mahesh-Vijay/a2584aabc9572c30  Over 6.5 years of functional enriched experience in ERP in the Procurement to Pay domain. Was associated with Oracle India Pvt Ltd, Bangalore as Team lead - Supplier Data Management in their Global Financial Information Centre (Global Shared Service Center) for Oracle's Business from Sep 2007- Feb 2014.  Willing to relocate: Anywhere  WORK EXPERIENCE  Team lead - supplier data management  Oracle India -  Bangalore, Karnataka -  March 2014 to December 2016  Managing Partner of family business of Tours & Travels  Team Lead  Oracle India Pvt Ltd -  October 2013 to February 2014  Supplier Data Management  Lead Analyst -SME -Supplier Data Management  Oracle India Pvt Ltd -  September 2012 to October 2013  Senior Analyst -Supplier Data Management  Oracle India Pvt Ltd -  Bengaluru, Karnataka -  January 2010 to September 2012  Academia • Bachelors in Commerce (B.Com) from Vivekananda Degree College, Bangalore University(2007) • Pre University from Vivekananda PU College, Bangalore(2004) • Passed 10th STD from Angels High School, Bangalore(2002) Functional & Technical Expertise Functional - Ensuring data quality in Purchasing Supplier management (PSM) registry and Trading Community Architecture of the Oracle e-business suite bundle.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Mahesh-Vijay/a2584aabc9572c30?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   - Managing all projects and ensuring the completion of the same within timeframe. Projects like - Oracle Fusion Supplier Self Service, Supplier cleanup, migration of merger and acquisition suppliers, UAT - Managing activities like synchronizing creation and updates of supplier records. - Oracle Fusion - Related to Procurement modules -Fusion Supplier Portal - Sound knowledge in the Oracle Financial applications domain that includes various cycles like the Expense Reporting, Accounts Payables, Accounts Receivables, and Tactical Purchasing. - R12 User Acceptance Testing, writing test cases and author test reports which analyze the reported defects. Technical - Oracle Applications Releases: 12, 11.5, Oracle Applications Modules Purchasing, iProcurement - Business Intelligence Reporting Tools: Oracle Discoverer & Accounting Software Tally 7.2 Projects & Accomplishments Oracle Master Data Management- Legacy Data Cleanup Project Role: • Global Country wise clean up initiative focusing on achieving a clean and accurate database • Supplier Information retrieval based on information in Purchase orders Oracle Fusion UAT- Supplier Self Service Role: • Internal UAT-Part of upgrade team, testing all functionality and interfaces. • Monitoring the new add on features in Fusion and old features assigned  11i to R12 Migration- Manual UAT Role: • Testing for Supplier creations, Merges, Tax set ups, Withholding and TDS code, Bank details etc • Monitoring the new add on features in R12 and old features assigned  Oracle Supplier Life Cycle Management (SLM) or Supplier Hub Project Role: • Internal UAT- testing all functionality and interfaces for creating a 360 degree view for each and every supplier. • Responsible for setting up suppliers' online, assisting requesters and suppliers to register a supplier and iSupplier access. Testing fast and flexible supplier searches that can be made into templates resulting in quick report generation Create and test blended supplier records from multiple sources  SKILLS  BCP (6 years), Data Governance (6 years), Data Management (6 years), Oracle (6 years), Reporting Tools (6 years)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Key Skills • Process Management & Improvement • Operations & Team Management • Data Governance & Automation • Oracle E- Business Systems experience in Supplier Data/Vendor Data management • BCP Policies & Procedures    • Desk Manuals/Business Process & Navigation Documentation • Business Ethics • Professional Communication • Reporting Tools & Microsoft Office Applications
[1089, 1093] Mahesh Vijay Bengaluru, Karnataka - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Mahesh-Vijay/a2584aabc9572c30  Over 6.5 years of functional enriched experience in ERP in the Procurement to Pay domain. Was associated with Oracle India Pvt Ltd, Bangalore as Team lead - Supplier Data Management in their Global Financial Information Centre (Global Shared Service Center) for Oracle's Business from Sep 2007- Feb 2014.  Willing to relocate: Anywhere  WORK EXPERIENCE  Team lead - supplier data management  Oracle India -  Bangalore, Karnataka -  March 2014 to December 2016  Managing Partner of family business of Tours & Travels  Team Lead  Oracle India Pvt Ltd -  October 2013 to February 2014  Supplier Data Management  Lead Analyst -SME -Supplier Data Management  Oracle India Pvt Ltd -  September 2012 to October 2013  Senior Analyst -Supplier Data Management  Oracle India Pvt Ltd -  Bengaluru, Karnataka -  January 2010 to September 2012  Academia • Bachelors in Commerce (B.Com) from Vivekananda Degree College, Bangalore University(2007) • Pre University from Vivekananda PU College, Bangalore(2004) • Passed 10th STD from Angels High School, Bangalore(2002) Functional & Technical Expertise Functional - Ensuring data quality in Purchasing Supplier management (PSM) registry and Trading Community Architecture of the Oracle e-business suite bundle.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Mahesh-Vijay/a2584aabc9572c30?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   - Managing all projects and ensuring the completion of the same within timeframe. Projects like - Oracle Fusion Supplier Self Service, Supplier cleanup, migration of merger and acquisition suppliers, UAT - Managing activities like synchronizing creation and updates of supplier records. - Oracle Fusion - Related to Procurement modules -Fusion Supplier Portal - Sound knowledge in the Oracle Financial applications domain that includes various cycles like the Expense Reporting, Accounts Payables, Accounts Receivables, and Tactical Purchasing. - R12 User Acceptance Testing, writing test cases and author test reports which analyze the reported defects. Technical - Oracle Applications Releases: 12, 11.5, Oracle Applications Modules Purchasing, iProcurement - Business Intelligence Reporting Tools: Oracle Discoverer & Accounting Software Tally 7.2 Projects & Accomplishments Oracle Master Data Management- Legacy Data Cleanup Project Role: • Global Country wise clean up initiative focusing on achieving a clean and accurate database • Supplier Information retrieval based on information in Purchase orders Oracle Fusion UAT- Supplier Self Service Role: • Internal UAT-Part of upgrade team, testing all functionality and interfaces. • Monitoring the new add on features in Fusion and old features assigned  11i to R12 Migration- Manual UAT Role: • Testing for Supplier creations, Merges, Tax set ups, Withholding and TDS code, Bank details etc • Monitoring the new add on features in R12 and old features assigned  Oracle Supplier Life Cycle Management (SLM) or Supplier Hub Project Role: • Internal UAT- testing all functionality and interfaces for creating a 360 degree view for each and every supplier. • Responsible for setting up suppliers' online, assisting requesters and suppliers to register a supplier and iSupplier access. Testing fast and flexible supplier searches that can be made into templates resulting in quick report generation Create and test blended supplier records from multiple sources  SKILLS  BCP (6 years), Data Governance (6 years), Data Management (6 years), Oracle (6 years), Reporting Tools (6 years)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Key Skills • Process Management & Improvement • Operations & Team Management • Data Governance & Automation • Oracle E- Business Systems experience in Supplier Data/Vendor Data management • BCP Policies & Procedures    • Desk Manuals/Business Process & Navigation Documentation • Business Ethics • Professional Communication • Reporting Tools & Microsoft Office Applications
[1027, 1031] Mahesh Vijay Bengaluru, Karnataka - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Mahesh-Vijay/a2584aabc9572c30  Over 6.5 years of functional enriched experience in ERP in the Procurement to Pay domain. Was associated with Oracle India Pvt Ltd, Bangalore as Team lead - Supplier Data Management in their Global Financial Information Centre (Global Shared Service Center) for Oracle's Business from Sep 2007- Feb 2014.  Willing to relocate: Anywhere  WORK EXPERIENCE  Team lead - supplier data management  Oracle India -  Bangalore, Karnataka -  March 2014 to December 2016  Managing Partner of family business of Tours & Travels  Team Lead  Oracle India Pvt Ltd -  October 2013 to February 2014  Supplier Data Management  Lead Analyst -SME -Supplier Data Management  Oracle India Pvt Ltd -  September 2012 to October 2013  Senior Analyst -Supplier Data Management  Oracle India Pvt Ltd -  Bengaluru, Karnataka -  January 2010 to September 2012  Academia • Bachelors in Commerce (B.Com) from Vivekananda Degree College, Bangalore University(2007) • Pre University from Vivekananda PU College, Bangalore(2004) • Passed 10th STD from Angels High School, Bangalore(2002) Functional & Technical Expertise Functional - Ensuring data quality in Purchasing Supplier management (PSM) registry and Trading Community Architecture of the Oracle e-business suite bundle.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Mahesh-Vijay/a2584aabc9572c30?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   - Managing all projects and ensuring the completion of the same within timeframe. Projects like - Oracle Fusion Supplier Self Service, Supplier cleanup, migration of merger and acquisition suppliers, UAT - Managing activities like synchronizing creation and updates of supplier records. - Oracle Fusion - Related to Procurement modules -Fusion Supplier Portal - Sound knowledge in the Oracle Financial applications domain that includes various cycles like the Expense Reporting, Accounts Payables, Accounts Receivables, and Tactical Purchasing. - R12 User Acceptance Testing, writing test cases and author test reports which analyze the reported defects. Technical - Oracle Applications Releases: 12, 11.5, Oracle Applications Modules Purchasing, iProcurement - Business Intelligence Reporting Tools: Oracle Discoverer & Accounting Software Tally 7.2 Projects & Accomplishments Oracle Master Data Management- Legacy Data Cleanup Project Role: • Global Country wise clean up initiative focusing on achieving a clean and accurate database • Supplier Information retrieval based on information in Purchase orders Oracle Fusion UAT- Supplier Self Service Role: • Internal UAT-Part of upgrade team, testing all functionality and interfaces. • Monitoring the new add on features in Fusion and old features assigned  11i to R12 Migration- Manual UAT Role: • Testing for Supplier creations, Merges, Tax set ups, Withholding and TDS code, Bank details etc • Monitoring the new add on features in R12 and old features assigned  Oracle Supplier Life Cycle Management (SLM) or Supplier Hub Project Role: • Internal UAT- testing all functionality and interfaces for creating a 360 degree view for each and every supplier. • Responsible for setting up suppliers' online, assisting requesters and suppliers to register a supplier and iSupplier access. Testing fast and flexible supplier searches that can be made into templates resulting in quick report generation Create and test blended supplier records from multiple sources  SKILLS  BCP (6 years), Data Governance (6 years), Data Management (6 years), Oracle (6 years), Reporting Tools (6 years)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Key Skills • Process Management & Improvement • Operations & Team Management • Data Governance & Automation • Oracle E- Business Systems experience in Supplier Data/Vendor Data management • BCP Policies & Procedures    • Desk Manuals/Business Process & Navigation Documentation • Business Ethics • Professional Communication • Reporting Tools & Microsoft Office Applications
[978, 1026] Mahesh Vijay Bengaluru, Karnataka - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Mahesh-Vijay/a2584aabc9572c30  Over 6.5 years of functional enriched experience in ERP in the Procurement to Pay domain. Was associated with Oracle India Pvt Ltd, Bangalore as Team lead - Supplier Data Management in their Global Financial Information Centre (Global Shared Service Center) for Oracle's Business from Sep 2007- Feb 2014.  Willing to relocate: Anywhere  WORK EXPERIENCE  Team lead - supplier data management  Oracle India -  Bangalore, Karnataka -  March 2014 to December 2016  Managing Partner of family business of Tours & Travels  Team Lead  Oracle India Pvt Ltd -  October 2013 to February 2014  Supplier Data Management  Lead Analyst -SME -Supplier Data Management  Oracle India Pvt Ltd -  September 2012 to October 2013  Senior Analyst -Supplier Data Management  Oracle India Pvt Ltd -  Bengaluru, Karnataka -  January 2010 to September 2012  Academia • Bachelors in Commerce (B.Com) from Vivekananda Degree College, Bangalore University(2007) • Pre University from Vivekananda PU College, Bangalore(2004) • Passed 10th STD from Angels High School, Bangalore(2002) Functional & Technical Expertise Functional - Ensuring data quality in Purchasing Supplier management (PSM) registry and Trading Community Architecture of the Oracle e-business suite bundle.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Mahesh-Vijay/a2584aabc9572c30?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   - Managing all projects and ensuring the completion of the same within timeframe. Projects like - Oracle Fusion Supplier Self Service, Supplier cleanup, migration of merger and acquisition suppliers, UAT - Managing activities like synchronizing creation and updates of supplier records. - Oracle Fusion - Related to Procurement modules -Fusion Supplier Portal - Sound knowledge in the Oracle Financial applications domain that includes various cycles like the Expense Reporting, Accounts Payables, Accounts Receivables, and Tactical Purchasing. - R12 User Acceptance Testing, writing test cases and author test reports which analyze the reported defects. Technical - Oracle Applications Releases: 12, 11.5, Oracle Applications Modules Purchasing, iProcurement - Business Intelligence Reporting Tools: Oracle Discoverer & Accounting Software Tally 7.2 Projects & Accomplishments Oracle Master Data Management- Legacy Data Cleanup Project Role: • Global Country wise clean up initiative focusing on achieving a clean and accurate database • Supplier Information retrieval based on information in Purchase orders Oracle Fusion UAT- Supplier Self Service Role: • Internal UAT-Part of upgrade team, testing all functionality and interfaces. • Monitoring the new add on features in Fusion and old features assigned  11i to R12 Migration- Manual UAT Role: • Testing for Supplier creations, Merges, Tax set ups, Withholding and TDS code, Bank details etc • Monitoring the new add on features in R12 and old features assigned  Oracle Supplier Life Cycle Management (SLM) or Supplier Hub Project Role: • Internal UAT- testing all functionality and interfaces for creating a 360 degree view for each and every supplier. • Responsible for setting up suppliers' online, assisting requesters and suppliers to register a supplier and iSupplier access. Testing fast and flexible supplier searches that can be made into templates resulting in quick report generation Create and test blended supplier records from multiple sources  SKILLS  BCP (6 years), Data Governance (6 years), Data Management (6 years), Oracle (6 years), Reporting Tools (6 years)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Key Skills • Process Management & Improvement • Operations & Team Management • Data Governance & Automation • Oracle E- Business Systems experience in Supplier Data/Vendor Data management • BCP Policies & Procedures    • Desk Manuals/Business Process & Navigation Documentation • Business Ethics • Professional Communication • Reporting Tools & Microsoft Office Applications
[389, 393] Mahesh Vijay Bengaluru, Karnataka - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Mahesh-Vijay/a2584aabc9572c30  Over 6.5 years of functional enriched experience in ERP in the Procurement to Pay domain. Was associated with Oracle India Pvt Ltd, Bangalore as Team lead - Supplier Data Management in their Global Financial Information Centre (Global Shared Service Center) for Oracle's Business from Sep 2007- Feb 2014.  Willing to relocate: Anywhere  WORK EXPERIENCE  Team lead - supplier data management  Oracle India -  Bangalore, Karnataka -  March 2014 to December 2016  Managing Partner of family business of Tours & Travels  Team Lead  Oracle India Pvt Ltd -  October 2013 to February 2014  Supplier Data Management  Lead Analyst -SME -Supplier Data Management  Oracle India Pvt Ltd -  September 2012 to October 2013  Senior Analyst -Supplier Data Management  Oracle India Pvt Ltd -  Bengaluru, Karnataka -  January 2010 to September 2012  Academia • Bachelors in Commerce (B.Com) from Vivekananda Degree College, Bangalore University(2007) • Pre University from Vivekananda PU College, Bangalore(2004) • Passed 10th STD from Angels High School, Bangalore(2002) Functional & Technical Expertise Functional - Ensuring data quality in Purchasing Supplier management (PSM) registry and Trading Community Architecture of the Oracle e-business suite bundle.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Mahesh-Vijay/a2584aabc9572c30?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   - Managing all projects and ensuring the completion of the same within timeframe. Projects like - Oracle Fusion Supplier Self Service, Supplier cleanup, migration of merger and acquisition suppliers, UAT - Managing activities like synchronizing creation and updates of supplier records. - Oracle Fusion - Related to Procurement modules -Fusion Supplier Portal - Sound knowledge in the Oracle Financial applications domain that includes various cycles like the Expense Reporting, Accounts Payables, Accounts Receivables, and Tactical Purchasing. - R12 User Acceptance Testing, writing test cases and author test reports which analyze the reported defects. Technical - Oracle Applications Releases: 12, 11.5, Oracle Applications Modules Purchasing, iProcurement - Business Intelligence Reporting Tools: Oracle Discoverer & Accounting Software Tally 7.2 Projects & Accomplishments Oracle Master Data Management- Legacy Data Cleanup Project Role: • Global Country wise clean up initiative focusing on achieving a clean and accurate database • Supplier Information retrieval based on information in Purchase orders Oracle Fusion UAT- Supplier Self Service Role: • Internal UAT-Part of upgrade team, testing all functionality and interfaces. • Monitoring the new add on features in Fusion and old features assigned  11i to R12 Migration- Manual UAT Role: • Testing for Supplier creations, Merges, Tax set ups, Withholding and TDS code, Bank details etc • Monitoring the new add on features in R12 and old features assigned  Oracle Supplier Life Cycle Management (SLM) or Supplier Hub Project Role: • Internal UAT- testing all functionality and interfaces for creating a 360 degree view for each and every supplier. • Responsible for setting up suppliers' online, assisting requesters and suppliers to register a supplier and iSupplier access. Testing fast and flexible supplier searches that can be made into templates resulting in quick report generation Create and test blended supplier records from multiple sources  SKILLS  BCP (6 years), Data Governance (6 years), Data Management (6 years), Oracle (6 years), Reporting Tools (6 years)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Key Skills • Process Management & Improvement • Operations & Team Management • Data Governance & Automation • Oracle E- Business Systems experience in Supplier Data/Vendor Data management • BCP Policies & Procedures    • Desk Manuals/Business Process & Navigation Documentation • Business Ethics • Professional Communication • Reporting Tools & Microsoft Office Applications
[3847, 3851] Syam Devendla Bengaluru, Karnataka - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Syam-Devendla/ c9ba7bc582b14a7b  Senior software engineer with more than 9 years of experience in C, C++, Data Structures programming and BI analytics. Experience includes implementation and testing of enterprise and mobile application and middleware component software.  WORK EXPERIENCE  SMTS  Oracle India -  Bengaluru, Karnataka -  January 2014 to Present  with OBIEE team. • Worked in Samsung R&D Operations, Bangalore since Oct- 2008 to Jan 2014, with Multimedia team.  EDUCATION  Post Graduate Diploma in Embedded Systems  CDAC -  Kochi, Kerala  2006  Bachelor of Technology in Electronics and Communications  Nagarjuna University  2005  SKILLS  .NET (Less than 1 year), ALGORITHMS (Less than 1 year), ALSA (Less than 1 year), ANDROID (Less than 1 year), APACHE HADOOP HDFS (Less than 1 year)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Core Competencies  • Extensively worked in C, C++ • Good understanding of Data Structures and Algorithms • Good understanding and knowledge of BI Analytics of OBIEE. • Codes at HackerRank.com and am a 4 Star Rank coder in algorithms, coded using C++ STL • Hands on experience of GDB Debugger for Core dump analysis and Server  https://www.indeed.com/r/Syam-Devendla/c9ba7bc582b14a7b?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN https://www.indeed.com/r/Syam-Devendla/c9ba7bc582b14a7b?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   side debugging. • Hands on experience of Visual Studio debugger for debugging on Windows platform. • Working experience of Multithreaded applications for more than eight years • Good understanding of OOPS Design principles and STL. • Experienced in using various debuggers that include GDB debugger, Eclipse, VC++ IDE, Trace 32, WinDbg, Visual Studio. • Good knowledge of Big data technologies(Hadoop, Yarn Architecture, map- reduce, Hive, Sqoop, Hbase, Zookeeper) • Good experience in Hadoop development and Admin activities. • Able to understand and review Java and Scala code • Good Exposure to Software practices, SDLC. • Good understanding and porting knowledge of framework components. • Good understanding of multimedia concepts, Audio video synchronization, AudioOut, AudioIn and video zoom. • Knowledge of WEBRTC features. • Good knowledge of video Engine. • Basic knowledge of MFC, socket programming. • Good knowledge in programming and operating system concepts. • Experience in working in a project from product development phase to commercialization phase. • Successfully commercialized more than 25 million mobiles spanning across twenty models. • Good global work exposure having worked in different work environments. • Basic understanding of Linux Operating system. • Experienced in design and implementation of Multimedia Applications for Mobile handsets. • Good experience working on Smart Phone platforms(Framework, Middleware and Application development) having worked on various mobile platforms SHP, Samsung Bada, Linux, WindowsMobile5.0, SLP, Android and Tizen. Syam Prasad Devendla • Good knowledge and understanding of different frameworks for multimedia. • Good knowledge of multi-threaded programming and IPC mechanisms. • Excellent interpersonal and communication skills and ability to work in a team. • Skilled at learning new concepts quickly, working well under pressure, and communicating ideas clearly and effectively. • Tools Used: Beyond Compare, Samsung memory leak tool, and Samsung code coverageTool, VS 2005 Remote Tools, KlocWork, WinShark and Ethereal. • Experienced in working with configuration tools like VSS, Perforce, and Clear Case.  • Operating Systems: Windows, Ubuntu Linux • Mobile Platforms: SHP, Bada, Linux, WindowsMobile5.0, SLP and Tizen • Technology: Multimedia, Content, Mobile Applications • Languages: C, C++(Data Structures, Design Patterns, STL) • Tools: Eclipse, VS2005, VS2010 KlocWork, Clear case, Perforce  Projects    • OBIEE Environment: Oracle BI Languages: C++ • Implementing enhancements, improving the diagnosabilty and address the customer issues by fixing the code bugs. • Developed a security feature in downloads module to protect the system from DOS attack. • Implemented a performance enhancer logic in Ibots to execute the agents faster. • Responsible for fix/enhance Ibot(Delivers/Agent/Schedulers) issues in the product. • Responsible for fixing the core dump issues reported by customers in the nqscheduler component in linux 32/64 and windows 32/64 platforms. • Oracle-Thirdeye Environment: HDFS, Yarn, Hadoop, map-reduce, thirdeye-agent • GUI is able to provide all information in a usable environment. • Most of the use will be as an embeddable UI in applications like TLP, DTE, and Bug DB etc.  Syam Prasad Devendla • Provide term, line number and time indexes for word and phrase search, ability to drill down to a given line number and data around it, and also have ability to see data around a given time.  • Thirdeye-nodes-refresh Environment: HDFS, Yarn, Hadoop, map-reduce • All processes for thirdeye including Hadoop components running on the same node. This overburdens the master node and leads to frequent failures due to disk space and memory issues, so worked on POC to replicate entire thirdeye setup with required configuration on new machines.  • BI-Manifest-Comparison Tool Environment: Oracle BI Languages: Java • Implemented tool to create an excel with manifests data across platforms and painted the mismatched versions • WebRTC Environment: Browser Languages: C++ • Media Recorder implementation. • Multi Party communication development. • Stage Fright (recorder and playback) • Video engine • Peer connection • PlatformsY2012-Framework (content) Environment: Tizen Languages: C++ • Developing Tizen framework (content) on SLP. • File Search • Directory Search • Playlist and Playlist Manager • Supporting Tizen content framework. • PlatformsY2011 -Framework (Multimedia- player) Environment: Bada, Eclipse, SLP (Samsung Linux Platform) Languages: C++    • Implemented player framework for Bada OS • Audio Player and video Player modules. • POC of AV synchronization for video zoom. • Supporting Bada2.0 player framework and commercialization. • Movie Studio (Video Editor) Environment: Bada, Eclipse Languages: C++ • Developed application based on UI guidelines given, modules like preview, split and trim forms using VePlayer library. • Implemented VPL file creation. • Media Browser Environment: Bada, Eclipse Languages: C, C++ • This application is developed to check the stability of Bada's player and Audio out modules. • Audio Player and video Player modules. • Implemented progress bar of player in both Player Form and PLS Player Form. • Bada-NS(R&D) Environment: Linux, SLP (Samsung Linux Platform) Languages: C, C++ • Worked on launching emulator • knowledge of SLP Multimedia Framework • Ported Player (Audio and Video) module • Ported Audio Out and Audio In modules using ALSA library • ETMs Firmware Client: Wabtec Railway Electronics, German Town  Syam Prasad Devendla Environment: Windows XP, IAR Workbench Hardware: IOC board (Provided by WRE) Languages: C • Serial - Ethernet Bridge • Serial communication commands handling. • Supt Link Client: Schindler Elevator & Escalator Corporation Environment: Windows Mobile 5.0, embedded VC, Visual Studio 2005 Languages: VC++, MFC • A Business application. It makes easy for the superintendents to check the status of the elevators and escalators which are newly installed or being maintained and rate them according to their performance and report the same to the Sap server using mobility solutions. • FldLink Client: Schindler Elevator & Escalator Corporation Environment: Windows Mobile 5.0, embedded VC, Visual Studio 2005 Languages: VC++, MFC • FldLink is a Mobile Application which provides the technicians with a single, comprehensive view of contact information, meeting schedules, Technical information and repairing support while working in the field.
[948, 1179] Divesh Singh Bengaluru, Karnataka - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Divesh-Singh/a76ddf6e110a74b8  Seeking new challenges, looking to join a progressive organization that has need and offer opportunities for advancement. Seeking a position where I can serve with my utmost capabilities and where I can give full play to my creativity to excel within and to grow with institute.  WORK EXPERIENCE  Front Office Executive  Microsoft iGTSC -  Bangalore Urban, Karnataka -  June 2016 to July 2017  Having 11 months experience with Microsoft as a FOE. I have worked for Microsoft as a FOE for 11 months from May 2016 to July 2017.  Achievements:  ❖ Winner of inter school handwriting competition. ❖ Runner up in inter college solo singing Competition. ❖ Won Cricketer Of the year 2011 ❖ Selected for Voice Of Bangalore  EDUCATION  B.COM  JAIN COLLEGE  12TH  INDIAN ACADEMY PU COLLEGE  ARMY PUBLIC SCHOOL  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Professional Skills:  ❖ Ability to work with team. ❖ Good communication skills. ❖ Good inter-personal skills. ❖ Positive Attitude. ❖ Hard &amp; Smart Working. ❖ Building good relationship with people. ❖ Ability to work under tough situation. ❖ Self-Motivator.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Divesh-Singh/a76ddf6e110a74b8?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   ❖ Quick learner
[2178, 2223] Karthik Gururaj Technical Lead at Infosys Ltd. - Pharmaceuticals and Life Sciences Domain  - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Karthik-Gururaj/a51f07b3eda3aa6c  Highlights:  • 90+ months of Professional Experience in Informatica, Datawarehousing, UNIX, SQL, Teradata • 8+ years of Domain Experience in Pharmaceuticals and Life Sciences • Passionate and enthusiastic towards Data, Data analysis and Data engineering. • In 2015, took over the application maintenance of the client data warehouse completely from third party vendor and stabilized the partially defunct system in a very short span of time. Thereby, winning a 5 year contract worth $12.5M with the Clients. • Managing a 4 member cross-functional team and also maintaining client operations on a day to day basis. • Implemented various enhancements and Changes to the Client DW/BI Application. The Optimization brought down 75% of costs in the overall application maintenance. The project was successfully downsized from a 18 member team to a 6 member team in a span of 4 months. • Awarded with a 'APPLUASE AWARD' within 4 months of joining the Deloitte and received numerous Apreciation for the excellent work done in terms of showcasing Technical and People management skills. • Was awarded 'Star Performer of the month' for successive months during my tenure at Accenture. • Experienced on both Support and Development environments. • Received various distinctive appreciations on Root cause analysis and asset development activities. • Actively involved in technical presentations and various on-stage sessions. • Currently a counselling member for new joiners for orientation programs.  Willing to relocate: Anywhere  WORK EXPERIENCE  Technical Lead at Infosys Ltd.  Pharmaceuticals and Life Sciences Domain -  May 2017 to Present  Have been taking care of Oncology Datamart with Several Oncology Data Requests and Data Analysis for the past 3+ Years. • Currently working as a Technical Lead at Infosys Ltd. From May 2017- till date. • Worked as a Consultant (Technology) at Deloitte Consulting India Pvt. Ltd, from March 2015 - January 2017.  Accenture India Pvt. Ltd -  December 2009 to March 2015  https://www.indeed.com/r/Karthik-Gururaj/a51f07b3eda3aa6c?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   63 Months) • Presently working on Informatica, UNIX, SQL, Teradata, Salesforce (Veeva Systems) • Worked on creating STM/Design documents / data modelling. • Competency in Structured Query Language (SQL), Informatica, UNIX and ETL. • Worked as an Individual contributor driving an End to End project implementation. • Have experience in handling very critical data and challenging deadlines.  EDUCATION  Masters of Science in Comp. Technology  PSG College of Technology -  Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu  May 2009  Bachelor of Science in Comp. Technology  PSG College of Technology -  Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu  May 2007  HSC  SBOA Mat. Hr. Sec School -  Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu  March 2004  SSLC  SBOA Mat. Hr. Sec School -  Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu  March 2002
[1960, 1971] Karthik Gururaj Technical Lead at Infosys Ltd. - Pharmaceuticals and Life Sciences Domain  - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Karthik-Gururaj/a51f07b3eda3aa6c  Highlights:  • 90+ months of Professional Experience in Informatica, Datawarehousing, UNIX, SQL, Teradata • 8+ years of Domain Experience in Pharmaceuticals and Life Sciences • Passionate and enthusiastic towards Data, Data analysis and Data engineering. • In 2015, took over the application maintenance of the client data warehouse completely from third party vendor and stabilized the partially defunct system in a very short span of time. Thereby, winning a 5 year contract worth $12.5M with the Clients. • Managing a 4 member cross-functional team and also maintaining client operations on a day to day basis. • Implemented various enhancements and Changes to the Client DW/BI Application. The Optimization brought down 75% of costs in the overall application maintenance. The project was successfully downsized from a 18 member team to a 6 member team in a span of 4 months. • Awarded with a 'APPLUASE AWARD' within 4 months of joining the Deloitte and received numerous Apreciation for the excellent work done in terms of showcasing Technical and People management skills. • Was awarded 'Star Performer of the month' for successive months during my tenure at Accenture. • Experienced on both Support and Development environments. • Received various distinctive appreciations on Root cause analysis and asset development activities. • Actively involved in technical presentations and various on-stage sessions. • Currently a counselling member for new joiners for orientation programs.  Willing to relocate: Anywhere  WORK EXPERIENCE  Technical Lead at Infosys Ltd.  Pharmaceuticals and Life Sciences Domain -  May 2017 to Present  Have been taking care of Oncology Datamart with Several Oncology Data Requests and Data Analysis for the past 3+ Years. • Currently working as a Technical Lead at Infosys Ltd. From May 2017- till date. • Worked as a Consultant (Technology) at Deloitte Consulting India Pvt. Ltd, from March 2015 - January 2017.  Accenture India Pvt. Ltd -  December 2009 to March 2015  https://www.indeed.com/r/Karthik-Gururaj/a51f07b3eda3aa6c?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   63 Months) • Presently working on Informatica, UNIX, SQL, Teradata, Salesforce (Veeva Systems) • Worked on creating STM/Design documents / data modelling. • Competency in Structured Query Language (SQL), Informatica, UNIX and ETL. • Worked as an Individual contributor driving an End to End project implementation. • Have experience in handling very critical data and challenging deadlines.  EDUCATION  Masters of Science in Comp. Technology  PSG College of Technology -  Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu  May 2009  Bachelor of Science in Comp. Technology  PSG College of Technology -  Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu  May 2007  HSC  SBOA Mat. Hr. Sec School -  Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu  March 2004  SSLC  SBOA Mat. Hr. Sec School -  Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu  March 2002
[1718, 1729] Karthik Gururaj Technical Lead at Infosys Ltd. - Pharmaceuticals and Life Sciences Domain  - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Karthik-Gururaj/a51f07b3eda3aa6c  Highlights:  • 90+ months of Professional Experience in Informatica, Datawarehousing, UNIX, SQL, Teradata • 8+ years of Domain Experience in Pharmaceuticals and Life Sciences • Passionate and enthusiastic towards Data, Data analysis and Data engineering. • In 2015, took over the application maintenance of the client data warehouse completely from third party vendor and stabilized the partially defunct system in a very short span of time. Thereby, winning a 5 year contract worth $12.5M with the Clients. • Managing a 4 member cross-functional team and also maintaining client operations on a day to day basis. • Implemented various enhancements and Changes to the Client DW/BI Application. The Optimization brought down 75% of costs in the overall application maintenance. The project was successfully downsized from a 18 member team to a 6 member team in a span of 4 months. • Awarded with a 'APPLUASE AWARD' within 4 months of joining the Deloitte and received numerous Apreciation for the excellent work done in terms of showcasing Technical and People management skills. • Was awarded 'Star Performer of the month' for successive months during my tenure at Accenture. • Experienced on both Support and Development environments. • Received various distinctive appreciations on Root cause analysis and asset development activities. • Actively involved in technical presentations and various on-stage sessions. • Currently a counselling member for new joiners for orientation programs.  Willing to relocate: Anywhere  WORK EXPERIENCE  Technical Lead at Infosys Ltd.  Pharmaceuticals and Life Sciences Domain -  May 2017 to Present  Have been taking care of Oncology Datamart with Several Oncology Data Requests and Data Analysis for the past 3+ Years. • Currently working as a Technical Lead at Infosys Ltd. From May 2017- till date. • Worked as a Consultant (Technology) at Deloitte Consulting India Pvt. Ltd, from March 2015 - January 2017.  Accenture India Pvt. Ltd -  December 2009 to March 2015  https://www.indeed.com/r/Karthik-Gururaj/a51f07b3eda3aa6c?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   63 Months) • Presently working on Informatica, UNIX, SQL, Teradata, Salesforce (Veeva Systems) • Worked on creating STM/Design documents / data modelling. • Competency in Structured Query Language (SQL), Informatica, UNIX and ETL. • Worked as an Individual contributor driving an End to End project implementation. • Have experience in handling very critical data and challenging deadlines.  EDUCATION  Masters of Science in Comp. Technology  PSG College of Technology -  Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu  May 2009  Bachelor of Science in Comp. Technology  PSG College of Technology -  Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu  May 2007  HSC  SBOA Mat. Hr. Sec School -  Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu  March 2004  SSLC  SBOA Mat. Hr. Sec School -  Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu  March 2002
[34, 45] Karthik Gururaj Technical Lead at Infosys Ltd. - Pharmaceuticals and Life Sciences Domain  - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Karthik-Gururaj/a51f07b3eda3aa6c  Highlights:  • 90+ months of Professional Experience in Informatica, Datawarehousing, UNIX, SQL, Teradata • 8+ years of Domain Experience in Pharmaceuticals and Life Sciences • Passionate and enthusiastic towards Data, Data analysis and Data engineering. • In 2015, took over the application maintenance of the client data warehouse completely from third party vendor and stabilized the partially defunct system in a very short span of time. Thereby, winning a 5 year contract worth $12.5M with the Clients. • Managing a 4 member cross-functional team and also maintaining client operations on a day to day basis. • Implemented various enhancements and Changes to the Client DW/BI Application. The Optimization brought down 75% of costs in the overall application maintenance. The project was successfully downsized from a 18 member team to a 6 member team in a span of 4 months. • Awarded with a 'APPLUASE AWARD' within 4 months of joining the Deloitte and received numerous Apreciation for the excellent work done in terms of showcasing Technical and People management skills. • Was awarded 'Star Performer of the month' for successive months during my tenure at Accenture. • Experienced on both Support and Development environments. • Received various distinctive appreciations on Root cause analysis and asset development activities. • Actively involved in technical presentations and various on-stage sessions. • Currently a counselling member for new joiners for orientation programs.  Willing to relocate: Anywhere  WORK EXPERIENCE  Technical Lead at Infosys Ltd.  Pharmaceuticals and Life Sciences Domain -  May 2017 to Present  Have been taking care of Oncology Datamart with Several Oncology Data Requests and Data Analysis for the past 3+ Years. • Currently working as a Technical Lead at Infosys Ltd. From May 2017- till date. • Worked as a Consultant (Technology) at Deloitte Consulting India Pvt. Ltd, from March 2015 - January 2017.  Accenture India Pvt. Ltd -  December 2009 to March 2015  https://www.indeed.com/r/Karthik-Gururaj/a51f07b3eda3aa6c?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   63 Months) • Presently working on Informatica, UNIX, SQL, Teradata, Salesforce (Veeva Systems) • Worked on creating STM/Design documents / data modelling. • Competency in Structured Query Language (SQL), Informatica, UNIX and ETL. • Worked as an Individual contributor driving an End to End project implementation. • Have experience in handling very critical data and challenging deadlines.  EDUCATION  Masters of Science in Comp. Technology  PSG College of Technology -  Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu  May 2009  Bachelor of Science in Comp. Technology  PSG College of Technology -  Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu  May 2007  HSC  SBOA Mat. Hr. Sec School -  Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu  March 2004  SSLC  SBOA Mat. Hr. Sec School -  Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu  March 2002
[937, 980] Vinay Singhal New Delhi, Delhi - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Vinay-Singhal/c15261079a9b5ae7  To work in a challenging atmosphere that provides me an opportunity for learning and growth, where my professional skills combined with knowledge will make effective contribution to the growth of the company.  Willing to relocate: Anywhere  WORK EXPERIENCE  Customer Care Associate Microsoft  Convergys -  Gurgaon, Delhi NCR -  April 2018 to Present  I am handling US, UK and EU clients for the any issue faced by then related to Microsoft products.  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  SKILLS ❖ Smart Working. ❖ Fast and keen learner. ❖ Works well within a team and also independently. ❖ Flexible and high adaptability to new approaches, people and environments. ❖ Professional approach and positive attitude. ❖ Hard working with abstract thinking. ❖ Good personal skills like photography & software issues. ❖ Good Communications Skills  https://www.indeed.com/r/Vinay-Singhal/c15261079a9b5ae7?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN
[6733, 6848] Rupesh Reddy Technology Consultant - EIT Services India Private Limited  Hyderabad, Telangana - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Rupesh-Reddy/5402dfa9c92fb7bf  • Possessing 6.3 years of IT experience in the domain of Data warehousing/Business Intelligence. • Remarkable experience in SAP Business objects XIR2, XI 3.1, BI4.0 and BI4.1. • Proficient in administration of Business Objects and Cognos repositories, services and servers for high availability of environments. • Basic overview of Tableau Administration. • Extensively worked on CMC, Universe Designer, Desktop Intelligence, Infoview/BI Launch pad and Web Intelligence. • Experience in SAPBI 4.0/4.1 CMC, UDT, IDT, BI Launch Pad, WebI Rich Client, UMT, LCM. • Experience in Migration from XIR2, XI3.1 to SAPBI 4.0 by using Upgrade Management Tool (UMT) • Experience in converting .UNV to .UNX by using Information Design Tool (IDT) • Using the Report Conversion Tool converted Desk I reports to Web I reports in BOXI 3.1 and BI4.0. • Experience in upgrading the environment from BI4.0 to BI4.1 • Web I Reports &amp; Universes were deployed from Development to Production Environment by using Life Cycle Management Console (LCM) • Experience in setting up a Disaster Recovery Environment of Business Objects XIR3.1 and BI4.0 • Excellent knowledge on Cognos connection, Security and Configuration. • Profile based Publications were created and scheduled reports to user BI Inbox. • File &amp; Scheduled based Events were created and scheduled the reports. • Familiarity with Root Cause Analysis, Troubleshooting and Debugging of issues in Production Environment. • Extensively worked on Installation and Configuration of Business Objects. • Experience in maintaining the environments. • Remarkable experience in applying patches/fixes for SAP Business Objects XIR3.1, BI4.0 and BI4.1. • Proficient knowledge on Architecture and functioning of SAP Business Objects. • Possess excellent communication, decision-making, problem solving, analytical and interpersonal skills with result oriented dedication towards goals. Capable of working as a Team Member or Individually with minimum supervision. • An enthusiastic and project-oriented team player with solid communication, leadership skills and the ability to develop creative solutions for challenging client needs. • Flexible and versatile to adapt to any new environment with a strong desire to keep pace with latest technologies.  This project is upgrading Business Intelligence 4.0 environment to latest available version of Business Intelligence 4.1. Roles and Responsibilities: • Lead the team of 8 resources in upgrading Business Intelligence 4.0 to 4.1 • Coordinating with Wintel, Data protection and Database team for the backup. • Involving vendor in case of any installation issues. • Configuring the environment, Scaling of the services after the installation. • Validation the environment, testing the work flow of the reports and the client tools before releasing the environment to the customers. • Fixing the issues found during end user testing, by involving vendor if needed.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Rupesh-Reddy/5402dfa9c92fb7bf?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   PAN Card: BBDPR2171L  Issuing Office: Hyderabad Issue Date: 31-Jan 2011 Expiry Date: 30-Jan 2021  WORK EXPERIENCE  Technology Consultant  EIT Services India Private Limited -  September 2015 to Present  Worked as Senior Systems Engineer for Infosys Limited from February 2012 to September 2015  DXC Technology, Business objects Administrator  EIT Services India Private Limited -  Bengaluru, Karnataka -  September 2015 to Present  Project #1: State Bank of Mauritius Domain: Banking Overview: The business objective of this project is to have a unified reporting platform for accessing and analysing the data from any business systems as per the business requirement. It includes Development, Test, Stage and Production based Environment supporting 300+ users. Environment: • Four Environments - Development, Test, Stage and Production • Clustered Environment • Windows servers • OS: Microsoft Windows 2008 Server  Role &amp; Responsibilities: • As a Team Lead currently handling 5 resources and helping them on delivery issues. • Co-ordination with team on universe/report related issues and performance issues. • Preparing weekly and monthly progress report. • Upgraded the non-production environments to higher patch versions. • Performed installation, configuration and scaling of the production environment. • Ensure HA of the production environment. Participate and lead the DC-DR exercise. • 2 months of client facing experience, which included the production go-lives. Handled the issues raised post production go-live, ensured the stability of environment. • Create and manage users, groups and folders. Ensure appropriate privileges are assigned to the different users. • Suggested and implemented publication mechanism for report spooling (file location based triggering), which eliminated the manual report scheduling activity. • Technical Proficiency: Understanding project related technical features, raising issues, proactively identifying the issues.    • Project Completeness: Timeliness of deliverable, Timely Escalation / Status updates / reports, Status updates of calls / requests, Problem solving, Ability to work out solutions independently. • Independently perform complex troubleshooting, root-cause analysis, solution development. • Interact with end users or clients to resolve issues with Business objects. • Coordinate with SAP support for patches and bug fixes. • To manage nodes, servers and services. • Backup and restore of Business Objects. • Worked with Wintel and DBA team related to OS and Database related issues. • Monitoring the Jobs and sever space availability and CPU Process. • Deployment/Migrations of folders and objects from DEV to TEST, TEST to UAT and UAT to PROD environment. • Recommend and implement of automation for known and recurring activities. • Preparing standard operating procedures for related Business Object issues. • Handled the basic report development and maintenance activities. • ALM Owner: ALM (Tool for tracking and monitoring the defects raised for the UAT report related issues) • HPSM Lead: HPSM (Tool for tracking and monitoring the defects raised for the PROD report related issues)  Infosys Limited, Business objects Administrator  Business objects -  Bengaluru, Karnataka -  February 2012 to September 2015  Project #1: Pfizer Pharmaceuticals Domain: Life sciences  EDUCATION  B.Tech in Electronics and Communication Engineering  Sri Venkateswara College of Engineering and Technology Affiliated -  Anantapur, Andhra Pradesh  2007 to 2011  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Soft Skills: • Cross Cultural Sensitivity • Written Communication Skills • Articulation Skills • Effective Meetings
[6703, 6705] Rupesh Reddy Technology Consultant - EIT Services India Private Limited  Hyderabad, Telangana - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Rupesh-Reddy/5402dfa9c92fb7bf  • Possessing 6.3 years of IT experience in the domain of Data warehousing/Business Intelligence. • Remarkable experience in SAP Business objects XIR2, XI 3.1, BI4.0 and BI4.1. • Proficient in administration of Business Objects and Cognos repositories, services and servers for high availability of environments. • Basic overview of Tableau Administration. • Extensively worked on CMC, Universe Designer, Desktop Intelligence, Infoview/BI Launch pad and Web Intelligence. • Experience in SAPBI 4.0/4.1 CMC, UDT, IDT, BI Launch Pad, WebI Rich Client, UMT, LCM. • Experience in Migration from XIR2, XI3.1 to SAPBI 4.0 by using Upgrade Management Tool (UMT) • Experience in converting .UNV to .UNX by using Information Design Tool (IDT) • Using the Report Conversion Tool converted Desk I reports to Web I reports in BOXI 3.1 and BI4.0. • Experience in upgrading the environment from BI4.0 to BI4.1 • Web I Reports &amp; Universes were deployed from Development to Production Environment by using Life Cycle Management Console (LCM) • Experience in setting up a Disaster Recovery Environment of Business Objects XIR3.1 and BI4.0 • Excellent knowledge on Cognos connection, Security and Configuration. • Profile based Publications were created and scheduled reports to user BI Inbox. • File &amp; Scheduled based Events were created and scheduled the reports. • Familiarity with Root Cause Analysis, Troubleshooting and Debugging of issues in Production Environment. • Extensively worked on Installation and Configuration of Business Objects. • Experience in maintaining the environments. • Remarkable experience in applying patches/fixes for SAP Business Objects XIR3.1, BI4.0 and BI4.1. • Proficient knowledge on Architecture and functioning of SAP Business Objects. • Possess excellent communication, decision-making, problem solving, analytical and interpersonal skills with result oriented dedication towards goals. Capable of working as a Team Member or Individually with minimum supervision. • An enthusiastic and project-oriented team player with solid communication, leadership skills and the ability to develop creative solutions for challenging client needs. • Flexible and versatile to adapt to any new environment with a strong desire to keep pace with latest technologies.  This project is upgrading Business Intelligence 4.0 environment to latest available version of Business Intelligence 4.1. Roles and Responsibilities: • Lead the team of 8 resources in upgrading Business Intelligence 4.0 to 4.1 • Coordinating with Wintel, Data protection and Database team for the backup. • Involving vendor in case of any installation issues. • Configuring the environment, Scaling of the services after the installation. • Validation the environment, testing the work flow of the reports and the client tools before releasing the environment to the customers. • Fixing the issues found during end user testing, by involving vendor if needed.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Rupesh-Reddy/5402dfa9c92fb7bf?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   PAN Card: BBDPR2171L  Issuing Office: Hyderabad Issue Date: 31-Jan 2011 Expiry Date: 30-Jan 2021  WORK EXPERIENCE  Technology Consultant  EIT Services India Private Limited -  September 2015 to Present  Worked as Senior Systems Engineer for Infosys Limited from February 2012 to September 2015  DXC Technology, Business objects Administrator  EIT Services India Private Limited -  Bengaluru, Karnataka -  September 2015 to Present  Project #1: State Bank of Mauritius Domain: Banking Overview: The business objective of this project is to have a unified reporting platform for accessing and analysing the data from any business systems as per the business requirement. It includes Development, Test, Stage and Production based Environment supporting 300+ users. Environment: • Four Environments - Development, Test, Stage and Production • Clustered Environment • Windows servers • OS: Microsoft Windows 2008 Server  Role &amp; Responsibilities: • As a Team Lead currently handling 5 resources and helping them on delivery issues. • Co-ordination with team on universe/report related issues and performance issues. • Preparing weekly and monthly progress report. • Upgraded the non-production environments to higher patch versions. • Performed installation, configuration and scaling of the production environment. • Ensure HA of the production environment. Participate and lead the DC-DR exercise. • 2 months of client facing experience, which included the production go-lives. Handled the issues raised post production go-live, ensured the stability of environment. • Create and manage users, groups and folders. Ensure appropriate privileges are assigned to the different users. • Suggested and implemented publication mechanism for report spooling (file location based triggering), which eliminated the manual report scheduling activity. • Technical Proficiency: Understanding project related technical features, raising issues, proactively identifying the issues.    • Project Completeness: Timeliness of deliverable, Timely Escalation / Status updates / reports, Status updates of calls / requests, Problem solving, Ability to work out solutions independently. • Independently perform complex troubleshooting, root-cause analysis, solution development. • Interact with end users or clients to resolve issues with Business objects. • Coordinate with SAP support for patches and bug fixes. • To manage nodes, servers and services. • Backup and restore of Business Objects. • Worked with Wintel and DBA team related to OS and Database related issues. • Monitoring the Jobs and sever space availability and CPU Process. • Deployment/Migrations of folders and objects from DEV to TEST, TEST to UAT and UAT to PROD environment. • Recommend and implement of automation for known and recurring activities. • Preparing standard operating procedures for related Business Object issues. • Handled the basic report development and maintenance activities. • ALM Owner: ALM (Tool for tracking and monitoring the defects raised for the UAT report related issues) • HPSM Lead: HPSM (Tool for tracking and monitoring the defects raised for the PROD report related issues)  Infosys Limited, Business objects Administrator  Business objects -  Bengaluru, Karnataka -  February 2012 to September 2015  Project #1: Pfizer Pharmaceuticals Domain: Life sciences  EDUCATION  B.Tech in Electronics and Communication Engineering  Sri Venkateswara College of Engineering and Technology Affiliated -  Anantapur, Andhra Pradesh  2007 to 2011  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Soft Skills: • Cross Cultural Sensitivity • Written Communication Skills • Articulation Skills • Effective Meetings
[6599, 6665] Rupesh Reddy Technology Consultant - EIT Services India Private Limited  Hyderabad, Telangana - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Rupesh-Reddy/5402dfa9c92fb7bf  • Possessing 6.3 years of IT experience in the domain of Data warehousing/Business Intelligence. • Remarkable experience in SAP Business objects XIR2, XI 3.1, BI4.0 and BI4.1. • Proficient in administration of Business Objects and Cognos repositories, services and servers for high availability of environments. • Basic overview of Tableau Administration. • Extensively worked on CMC, Universe Designer, Desktop Intelligence, Infoview/BI Launch pad and Web Intelligence. • Experience in SAPBI 4.0/4.1 CMC, UDT, IDT, BI Launch Pad, WebI Rich Client, UMT, LCM. • Experience in Migration from XIR2, XI3.1 to SAPBI 4.0 by using Upgrade Management Tool (UMT) • Experience in converting .UNV to .UNX by using Information Design Tool (IDT) • Using the Report Conversion Tool converted Desk I reports to Web I reports in BOXI 3.1 and BI4.0. • Experience in upgrading the environment from BI4.0 to BI4.1 • Web I Reports &amp; Universes were deployed from Development to Production Environment by using Life Cycle Management Console (LCM) • Experience in setting up a Disaster Recovery Environment of Business Objects XIR3.1 and BI4.0 • Excellent knowledge on Cognos connection, Security and Configuration. • Profile based Publications were created and scheduled reports to user BI Inbox. • File &amp; Scheduled based Events were created and scheduled the reports. • Familiarity with Root Cause Analysis, Troubleshooting and Debugging of issues in Production Environment. • Extensively worked on Installation and Configuration of Business Objects. • Experience in maintaining the environments. • Remarkable experience in applying patches/fixes for SAP Business Objects XIR3.1, BI4.0 and BI4.1. • Proficient knowledge on Architecture and functioning of SAP Business Objects. • Possess excellent communication, decision-making, problem solving, analytical and interpersonal skills with result oriented dedication towards goals. Capable of working as a Team Member or Individually with minimum supervision. • An enthusiastic and project-oriented team player with solid communication, leadership skills and the ability to develop creative solutions for challenging client needs. • Flexible and versatile to adapt to any new environment with a strong desire to keep pace with latest technologies.  This project is upgrading Business Intelligence 4.0 environment to latest available version of Business Intelligence 4.1. Roles and Responsibilities: • Lead the team of 8 resources in upgrading Business Intelligence 4.0 to 4.1 • Coordinating with Wintel, Data protection and Database team for the backup. • Involving vendor in case of any installation issues. • Configuring the environment, Scaling of the services after the installation. • Validation the environment, testing the work flow of the reports and the client tools before releasing the environment to the customers. • Fixing the issues found during end user testing, by involving vendor if needed.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Rupesh-Reddy/5402dfa9c92fb7bf?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   PAN Card: BBDPR2171L  Issuing Office: Hyderabad Issue Date: 31-Jan 2011 Expiry Date: 30-Jan 2021  WORK EXPERIENCE  Technology Consultant  EIT Services India Private Limited -  September 2015 to Present  Worked as Senior Systems Engineer for Infosys Limited from February 2012 to September 2015  DXC Technology, Business objects Administrator  EIT Services India Private Limited -  Bengaluru, Karnataka -  September 2015 to Present  Project #1: State Bank of Mauritius Domain: Banking Overview: The business objective of this project is to have a unified reporting platform for accessing and analysing the data from any business systems as per the business requirement. It includes Development, Test, Stage and Production based Environment supporting 300+ users. Environment: • Four Environments - Development, Test, Stage and Production • Clustered Environment • Windows servers • OS: Microsoft Windows 2008 Server  Role &amp; Responsibilities: • As a Team Lead currently handling 5 resources and helping them on delivery issues. • Co-ordination with team on universe/report related issues and performance issues. • Preparing weekly and monthly progress report. • Upgraded the non-production environments to higher patch versions. • Performed installation, configuration and scaling of the production environment. • Ensure HA of the production environment. Participate and lead the DC-DR exercise. • 2 months of client facing experience, which included the production go-lives. Handled the issues raised post production go-live, ensured the stability of environment. • Create and manage users, groups and folders. Ensure appropriate privileges are assigned to the different users. • Suggested and implemented publication mechanism for report spooling (file location based triggering), which eliminated the manual report scheduling activity. • Technical Proficiency: Understanding project related technical features, raising issues, proactively identifying the issues.    • Project Completeness: Timeliness of deliverable, Timely Escalation / Status updates / reports, Status updates of calls / requests, Problem solving, Ability to work out solutions independently. • Independently perform complex troubleshooting, root-cause analysis, solution development. • Interact with end users or clients to resolve issues with Business objects. • Coordinate with SAP support for patches and bug fixes. • To manage nodes, servers and services. • Backup and restore of Business Objects. • Worked with Wintel and DBA team related to OS and Database related issues. • Monitoring the Jobs and sever space availability and CPU Process. • Deployment/Migrations of folders and objects from DEV to TEST, TEST to UAT and UAT to PROD environment. • Recommend and implement of automation for known and recurring activities. • Preparing standard operating procedures for related Business Object issues. • Handled the basic report development and maintenance activities. • ALM Owner: ALM (Tool for tracking and monitoring the defects raised for the UAT report related issues) • HPSM Lead: HPSM (Tool for tracking and monitoring the defects raised for the PROD report related issues)  Infosys Limited, Business objects Administrator  Business objects -  Bengaluru, Karnataka -  February 2012 to September 2015  Project #1: Pfizer Pharmaceuticals Domain: Life sciences  EDUCATION  B.Tech in Electronics and Communication Engineering  Sri Venkateswara College of Engineering and Technology Affiliated -  Anantapur, Andhra Pradesh  2007 to 2011  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Soft Skills: • Cross Cultural Sensitivity • Written Communication Skills • Articulation Skills • Effective Meetings
[3232, 3241] Rupesh Reddy Technology Consultant - EIT Services India Private Limited  Hyderabad, Telangana - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Rupesh-Reddy/5402dfa9c92fb7bf  • Possessing 6.3 years of IT experience in the domain of Data warehousing/Business Intelligence. • Remarkable experience in SAP Business objects XIR2, XI 3.1, BI4.0 and BI4.1. • Proficient in administration of Business Objects and Cognos repositories, services and servers for high availability of environments. • Basic overview of Tableau Administration. • Extensively worked on CMC, Universe Designer, Desktop Intelligence, Infoview/BI Launch pad and Web Intelligence. • Experience in SAPBI 4.0/4.1 CMC, UDT, IDT, BI Launch Pad, WebI Rich Client, UMT, LCM. • Experience in Migration from XIR2, XI3.1 to SAPBI 4.0 by using Upgrade Management Tool (UMT) • Experience in converting .UNV to .UNX by using Information Design Tool (IDT) • Using the Report Conversion Tool converted Desk I reports to Web I reports in BOXI 3.1 and BI4.0. • Experience in upgrading the environment from BI4.0 to BI4.1 • Web I Reports &amp; Universes were deployed from Development to Production Environment by using Life Cycle Management Console (LCM) • Experience in setting up a Disaster Recovery Environment of Business Objects XIR3.1 and BI4.0 • Excellent knowledge on Cognos connection, Security and Configuration. • Profile based Publications were created and scheduled reports to user BI Inbox. • File &amp; Scheduled based Events were created and scheduled the reports. • Familiarity with Root Cause Analysis, Troubleshooting and Debugging of issues in Production Environment. • Extensively worked on Installation and Configuration of Business Objects. • Experience in maintaining the environments. • Remarkable experience in applying patches/fixes for SAP Business Objects XIR3.1, BI4.0 and BI4.1. • Proficient knowledge on Architecture and functioning of SAP Business Objects. • Possess excellent communication, decision-making, problem solving, analytical and interpersonal skills with result oriented dedication towards goals. Capable of working as a Team Member or Individually with minimum supervision. • An enthusiastic and project-oriented team player with solid communication, leadership skills and the ability to develop creative solutions for challenging client needs. • Flexible and versatile to adapt to any new environment with a strong desire to keep pace with latest technologies.  This project is upgrading Business Intelligence 4.0 environment to latest available version of Business Intelligence 4.1. Roles and Responsibilities: • Lead the team of 8 resources in upgrading Business Intelligence 4.0 to 4.1 • Coordinating with Wintel, Data protection and Database team for the backup. • Involving vendor in case of any installation issues. • Configuring the environment, Scaling of the services after the installation. • Validation the environment, testing the work flow of the reports and the client tools before releasing the environment to the customers. • Fixing the issues found during end user testing, by involving vendor if needed.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Rupesh-Reddy/5402dfa9c92fb7bf?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   PAN Card: BBDPR2171L  Issuing Office: Hyderabad Issue Date: 31-Jan 2011 Expiry Date: 30-Jan 2021  WORK EXPERIENCE  Technology Consultant  EIT Services India Private Limited -  September 2015 to Present  Worked as Senior Systems Engineer for Infosys Limited from February 2012 to September 2015  DXC Technology, Business objects Administrator  EIT Services India Private Limited -  Bengaluru, Karnataka -  September 2015 to Present  Project #1: State Bank of Mauritius Domain: Banking Overview: The business objective of this project is to have a unified reporting platform for accessing and analysing the data from any business systems as per the business requirement. It includes Development, Test, Stage and Production based Environment supporting 300+ users. Environment: • Four Environments - Development, Test, Stage and Production • Clustered Environment • Windows servers • OS: Microsoft Windows 2008 Server  Role &amp; Responsibilities: • As a Team Lead currently handling 5 resources and helping them on delivery issues. • Co-ordination with team on universe/report related issues and performance issues. • Preparing weekly and monthly progress report. • Upgraded the non-production environments to higher patch versions. • Performed installation, configuration and scaling of the production environment. • Ensure HA of the production environment. Participate and lead the DC-DR exercise. • 2 months of client facing experience, which included the production go-lives. Handled the issues raised post production go-live, ensured the stability of environment. • Create and manage users, groups and folders. Ensure appropriate privileges are assigned to the different users. • Suggested and implemented publication mechanism for report spooling (file location based triggering), which eliminated the manual report scheduling activity. • Technical Proficiency: Understanding project related technical features, raising issues, proactively identifying the issues.    • Project Completeness: Timeliness of deliverable, Timely Escalation / Status updates / reports, Status updates of calls / requests, Problem solving, Ability to work out solutions independently. • Independently perform complex troubleshooting, root-cause analysis, solution development. • Interact with end users or clients to resolve issues with Business objects. • Coordinate with SAP support for patches and bug fixes. • To manage nodes, servers and services. • Backup and restore of Business Objects. • Worked with Wintel and DBA team related to OS and Database related issues. • Monitoring the Jobs and sever space availability and CPU Process. • Deployment/Migrations of folders and objects from DEV to TEST, TEST to UAT and UAT to PROD environment. • Recommend and implement of automation for known and recurring activities. • Preparing standard operating procedures for related Business Object issues. • Handled the basic report development and maintenance activities. • ALM Owner: ALM (Tool for tracking and monitoring the defects raised for the UAT report related issues) • HPSM Lead: HPSM (Tool for tracking and monitoring the defects raised for the PROD report related issues)  Infosys Limited, Business objects Administrator  Business objects -  Bengaluru, Karnataka -  February 2012 to September 2015  Project #1: Pfizer Pharmaceuticals Domain: Life sciences  EDUCATION  B.Tech in Electronics and Communication Engineering  Sri Venkateswara College of Engineering and Technology Affiliated -  Anantapur, Andhra Pradesh  2007 to 2011  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Soft Skills: • Cross Cultural Sensitivity • Written Communication Skills • Articulation Skills • Effective Meetings
[3108, 3150] Rupesh Reddy Technology Consultant - EIT Services India Private Limited  Hyderabad, Telangana - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Rupesh-Reddy/5402dfa9c92fb7bf  • Possessing 6.3 years of IT experience in the domain of Data warehousing/Business Intelligence. • Remarkable experience in SAP Business objects XIR2, XI 3.1, BI4.0 and BI4.1. • Proficient in administration of Business Objects and Cognos repositories, services and servers for high availability of environments. • Basic overview of Tableau Administration. • Extensively worked on CMC, Universe Designer, Desktop Intelligence, Infoview/BI Launch pad and Web Intelligence. • Experience in SAPBI 4.0/4.1 CMC, UDT, IDT, BI Launch Pad, WebI Rich Client, UMT, LCM. • Experience in Migration from XIR2, XI3.1 to SAPBI 4.0 by using Upgrade Management Tool (UMT) • Experience in converting .UNV to .UNX by using Information Design Tool (IDT) • Using the Report Conversion Tool converted Desk I reports to Web I reports in BOXI 3.1 and BI4.0. • Experience in upgrading the environment from BI4.0 to BI4.1 • Web I Reports &amp; Universes were deployed from Development to Production Environment by using Life Cycle Management Console (LCM) • Experience in setting up a Disaster Recovery Environment of Business Objects XIR3.1 and BI4.0 • Excellent knowledge on Cognos connection, Security and Configuration. • Profile based Publications were created and scheduled reports to user BI Inbox. • File &amp; Scheduled based Events were created and scheduled the reports. • Familiarity with Root Cause Analysis, Troubleshooting and Debugging of issues in Production Environment. • Extensively worked on Installation and Configuration of Business Objects. • Experience in maintaining the environments. • Remarkable experience in applying patches/fixes for SAP Business Objects XIR3.1, BI4.0 and BI4.1. • Proficient knowledge on Architecture and functioning of SAP Business Objects. • Possess excellent communication, decision-making, problem solving, analytical and interpersonal skills with result oriented dedication towards goals. Capable of working as a Team Member or Individually with minimum supervision. • An enthusiastic and project-oriented team player with solid communication, leadership skills and the ability to develop creative solutions for challenging client needs. • Flexible and versatile to adapt to any new environment with a strong desire to keep pace with latest technologies.  This project is upgrading Business Intelligence 4.0 environment to latest available version of Business Intelligence 4.1. Roles and Responsibilities: • Lead the team of 8 resources in upgrading Business Intelligence 4.0 to 4.1 • Coordinating with Wintel, Data protection and Database team for the backup. • Involving vendor in case of any installation issues. • Configuring the environment, Scaling of the services after the installation. • Validation the environment, testing the work flow of the reports and the client tools before releasing the environment to the customers. • Fixing the issues found during end user testing, by involving vendor if needed.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Rupesh-Reddy/5402dfa9c92fb7bf?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   PAN Card: BBDPR2171L  Issuing Office: Hyderabad Issue Date: 31-Jan 2011 Expiry Date: 30-Jan 2021  WORK EXPERIENCE  Technology Consultant  EIT Services India Private Limited -  September 2015 to Present  Worked as Senior Systems Engineer for Infosys Limited from February 2012 to September 2015  DXC Technology, Business objects Administrator  EIT Services India Private Limited -  Bengaluru, Karnataka -  September 2015 to Present  Project #1: State Bank of Mauritius Domain: Banking Overview: The business objective of this project is to have a unified reporting platform for accessing and analysing the data from any business systems as per the business requirement. It includes Development, Test, Stage and Production based Environment supporting 300+ users. Environment: • Four Environments - Development, Test, Stage and Production • Clustered Environment • Windows servers • OS: Microsoft Windows 2008 Server  Role &amp; Responsibilities: • As a Team Lead currently handling 5 resources and helping them on delivery issues. • Co-ordination with team on universe/report related issues and performance issues. • Preparing weekly and monthly progress report. • Upgraded the non-production environments to higher patch versions. • Performed installation, configuration and scaling of the production environment. • Ensure HA of the production environment. Participate and lead the DC-DR exercise. • 2 months of client facing experience, which included the production go-lives. Handled the issues raised post production go-live, ensured the stability of environment. • Create and manage users, groups and folders. Ensure appropriate privileges are assigned to the different users. • Suggested and implemented publication mechanism for report spooling (file location based triggering), which eliminated the manual report scheduling activity. • Technical Proficiency: Understanding project related technical features, raising issues, proactively identifying the issues.    • Project Completeness: Timeliness of deliverable, Timely Escalation / Status updates / reports, Status updates of calls / requests, Problem solving, Ability to work out solutions independently. • Independently perform complex troubleshooting, root-cause analysis, solution development. • Interact with end users or clients to resolve issues with Business objects. • Coordinate with SAP support for patches and bug fixes. • To manage nodes, servers and services. • Backup and restore of Business Objects. • Worked with Wintel and DBA team related to OS and Database related issues. • Monitoring the Jobs and sever space availability and CPU Process. • Deployment/Migrations of folders and objects from DEV to TEST, TEST to UAT and UAT to PROD environment. • Recommend and implement of automation for known and recurring activities. • Preparing standard operating procedures for related Business Object issues. • Handled the basic report development and maintenance activities. • ALM Owner: ALM (Tool for tracking and monitoring the defects raised for the UAT report related issues) • HPSM Lead: HPSM (Tool for tracking and monitoring the defects raised for the PROD report related issues)  Infosys Limited, Business objects Administrator  Business objects -  Bengaluru, Karnataka -  February 2012 to September 2015  Project #1: Pfizer Pharmaceuticals Domain: Life sciences  EDUCATION  B.Tech in Electronics and Communication Engineering  Sri Venkateswara College of Engineering and Technology Affiliated -  Anantapur, Andhra Pradesh  2007 to 2011  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Soft Skills: • Cross Cultural Sensitivity • Written Communication Skills • Articulation Skills • Effective Meetings
[268, 288] Puneet Singh Associate Software Engineer  Bengaluru, Karnataka - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Puneet-Singh/cb1ede9ee6d21bca  Willing to relocate to: Bangalore Urban, Karnataka  WORK EXPERIENCE  Associate Software Engineer  oracle  • Associate Software Engineer in Oracle India Pvt Ltd. (through Trigent Software Pvt Ltd) • Experience in Oracle Hyperion Products and Automation Scripting. (September 2017 onwards) Perform automation through python and batch scripting. Provide application maintenance and client support.  EDUCATION  B.E. in ENC  North Maharashtra University  2017  Certificate  Institute/Board  SKILLS  C++ (Less than 1 year), DATABASES (Less than 1 year), ECLIPSE (Less than 1 year), ESSBASE (Less than 1 year), HYPERION (Less than 1 year), python, java  LINKS  http://www.linkedin.com/in/puneet-singh-277a11151  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  TECHNICAL SKILLS  • Languages: Java, C, C++, Python, Batch • Databases: Oracle, Mysql • Ides: Eclipse, PyCharm • Operating systems: Windows and Linux • Dataware housing Tools: ODI, Hyperion Essbase and Planning, FDMEE  https://www.indeed.com/r/Puneet-Singh/cb1ede9ee6d21bca?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN http://www.linkedin.com/in/puneet-singh-277a11151
[5840, 5847] Debasish Dasgupta Trainer-Finacle-Core Banking Solutions-Infosys - Onward eServices limited  Qasba, Bihar - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Debasish-Dasgupta/a20561e10f83ae3f  ✓ Worked as a faculty for Infosys in PTC ( Postal Training Centre) of DOP (Department of Post- India) ✓ Undertaken Classes for Banking Theory and practices. ✓ Trainer- Finacle Core Banking Solutions ✓ Maintaining client base of 20 Crores. ✓ Investment Banking ( H.N.I section) ✓ Admin and ATM manager (IT and branch) ✓ Management and smooth functioning of ATM network and administration. ✓ Implementation of Finacle10.2 in the branch level (Axis Bank) ✓ Successfully completed the task of Transition Supervisor in the migration from Finacle7 to Finacle 10.2. ✓ Over 4 years of rich experience in financial sector ✓ Ability to support and sustain a positive work environment that fosters team performance with strong communication and negotiation skills. ✓ Thorough understanding of cash management services involving bulk payments for large corporate and processing of cash and cheque collections from them. ✓ Thorough working knowledge Branch Banking &amp; routine banking operations. ✓ Possess excellent interpersonal, communication and organizational skills with demonstrated abilities in team management and customer relationship management. ✓ Developing Customer base for the Bank and be strong player in the growth of overall business  WORK EXPERIENCE  Trainer-Finacle-Core Banking Solutions-Infosys  Onward eServices limited -  Chennai, Tamil Nadu -  2014 to Present  Job Summary: Trainer in PTC (Postal Training centre) - Department of Post.  • Training clients about Finacle CBS menu opttions. • Training postal employees about the day to day banking practice. • Training postal employees about Finacle 10.2 implementation in the department. • Supervising in the migration from manual data entry to core banking application. • Training client about the package. • Migration of the system to new software.  Branch Manager  Rainbow Financial Services -  Kolkata, West Bengal -  2012 to April 2014  https://www.indeed.com/r/Debasish-Dasgupta/a20561e10f83ae3f?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   Investment Banking- salt Lake- Kolkata) Job role: Branch Manager  Job Summary: • Cash flow management. • Providing trading solutions to all clients. • Providing working capital solutions to small scale and big firms. • Treasury management. • Worked as Financial Product consultant (H N I) • Responsibility to provide financial solution to the customers • Channelizing the liquidity of the customer to proper fund.  Asst Manager  AXIS Bank Ltd -  July 2007 to 2012  Jamshedpur_  Job Role: Admin and ATM coordinator of branch.  * Job summary: Admin (Branch &amp; IT) ➢ Implementation of Finacle 10.2 (banking software) in the region. ➢ Training the branch staffs In Finacle 10.2 module and supervising the transition period of every department from Finacle 7 to Finacle 10.2. at the time of migration. ➢ Fixed asset management through FAMS software in the region assigned to me. ➢ Responsible of procurement of new assets and stationery through e-shop software, sale and purchase of old assets through quotations from different vendors.  ➢ Space management of the branch level and 5's implementation in the branch through proper coordination with the team. ➢ Attendance record management in the HR software. ➢ Maintenance of all important branch documents for e.g. personal HR file, govt. document maintained by all banks, all notices to be displayed in the branch. ➢ Attending security meetings with local authorities on fortnightly basis. ➢ Coordination with concurrent auditor and external auditor to ensure "AAA" ratings for the Branch through proper compliance in yearly audit. ➢ Decision making authority of all petty expenses on a branch level. ➢ IT related issues to be coordinated with the help desk (WIPRO) ➢ Software and hardware management of all the branches in the region ➢ Network logbook maintenance and record keeping of all the issues faced by the branches. ➢ Record management of all the branch data and to keep a back up of the same in the main server. ➢ Responsible of smooth functioning of the server and network through regular track keeping and ensuring all the service request or call lodged should attended within proper TAT. * Job summary: ATM Manager:  ♦ Before outsourcing and centralization of ATM's ➢ Reconciliation of the all ATM's manually and in software.    ➢ Member of Circle Audit Team for compliance in ATM reconciliation of other branches. ➢ Reversal of all excess and short cash issues of the ATM's. ➢ Maintaining TAT for own bank and other bank customer disputes on a regular basis. ➢ Coordination of ATM team and local logistics &amp; courier for smooth functioning of ATM. ➢ Keeping track of cash replenishment of all ATM's in the region. ➢ Getting approval and maintaining record of all ATM related expenditure. ➢ Procurement of new ATM machine through different vendors and also to decide new location of ATM site. ➢ Fortnight audit and verification of ATM's and cash vaults ➢ Rent agreements of ATM's and renewal of the same.  After outsourcing and centralization of ATM's ➢ Handing over the reconciliation of all the ATM's to the central ATM nodal cell at the time of centralization of ATM's. ➢ Coordination with outsource agency for smooth and proper functioning of ATM's under the branch and also coordinating in acquisition of new ATM site. ➢ Daily updating of all the details in the respective software. ➢ Coordination with local CRA agency for smooth cash replenishment of all ATM's. ➢ Coordination with the central reconciliation team to solve own bank and other bank disputes within the given TAT.  * Having through knowledge on implementation of Finacle7 &amp; Finacle10.2 (Core Banking Solution Software developed by Infosys) * Head cashier for 2.5 years, serving ATM cash Requirement, Cash remittance to currency Chest and managing CDP (Cash delivery &amp; pick-up) by strictly following clean note policy. * Handled Cash Management Services. * Handled Front desk banking Operation for e.g. - D.D printing, cheque transfer, fixed deposit, Locker Facility, GBM challan. * Handling Customer Related Queries and KYC compliance and AML.  Key Learning's • A complete training of Finacle 10.2 (Classroom and on the job) • A holistic experience of overall administration, logistics and operation of banking procedures to serve the HNI clients of the Bank and also to receive appreciation and acknowledgement from both the sides.  • Thorough knowledge of Audit Compliance.  Front Office Credit Coordinator  H.D.F.C. Ltd -  Kolkata, West Bengal -  September 2005 to June 2007  Kolkata  Key Result Areas across assignments:  Job Responsibilities: * Worked as Front Office Credit Coordinator.    * Preparation of Housing loan Sanction report. * Coordinating sales team and their sales promotional activities  Key Learning's • Exposure to Housing Loan industry.  Financial Product consultant  I.C.I.C.I PRUDENTIAL LIFE INSURANCE -  Kolkata, West Bengal -  January 2004 to February 2005  H N I) • Responsibility to provide financial solution to the customers • Channelizing the liquidity of the customer to proper fund. • different industries. • Strong P.R build quality developed due to daily customer interaction. • Successfully completed 5 years of banking as an ATM manager and branch admin. • Many recognition from branch level and as well as circle level. • Proper migration and implementation of banking software from Finacle 7 to Finacle10.2. • Error free audit in Spam of 2.5 years as a Branch Main Cashier. • Achievements Of targets in Third party Products. • Managing complete branch operations with key focus on bottom line profitability by ensuring optimal utilization of available resources. • Implementation &amp; Achievement of 5S for the Branch.  EDUCATION  B.B.M  Andhra University  2003  Gulmohar High School -  Jamshedpur, Jharkhand  2000
[2090, 2137] Debasish Dasgupta Trainer-Finacle-Core Banking Solutions-Infosys - Onward eServices limited  Qasba, Bihar - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Debasish-Dasgupta/a20561e10f83ae3f  ✓ Worked as a faculty for Infosys in PTC ( Postal Training Centre) of DOP (Department of Post- India) ✓ Undertaken Classes for Banking Theory and practices. ✓ Trainer- Finacle Core Banking Solutions ✓ Maintaining client base of 20 Crores. ✓ Investment Banking ( H.N.I section) ✓ Admin and ATM manager (IT and branch) ✓ Management and smooth functioning of ATM network and administration. ✓ Implementation of Finacle10.2 in the branch level (Axis Bank) ✓ Successfully completed the task of Transition Supervisor in the migration from Finacle7 to Finacle 10.2. ✓ Over 4 years of rich experience in financial sector ✓ Ability to support and sustain a positive work environment that fosters team performance with strong communication and negotiation skills. ✓ Thorough understanding of cash management services involving bulk payments for large corporate and processing of cash and cheque collections from them. ✓ Thorough working knowledge Branch Banking &amp; routine banking operations. ✓ Possess excellent interpersonal, communication and organizational skills with demonstrated abilities in team management and customer relationship management. ✓ Developing Customer base for the Bank and be strong player in the growth of overall business  WORK EXPERIENCE  Trainer-Finacle-Core Banking Solutions-Infosys  Onward eServices limited -  Chennai, Tamil Nadu -  2014 to Present  Job Summary: Trainer in PTC (Postal Training centre) - Department of Post.  • Training clients about Finacle CBS menu opttions. • Training postal employees about the day to day banking practice. • Training postal employees about Finacle 10.2 implementation in the department. • Supervising in the migration from manual data entry to core banking application. • Training client about the package. • Migration of the system to new software.  Branch Manager  Rainbow Financial Services -  Kolkata, West Bengal -  2012 to April 2014  https://www.indeed.com/r/Debasish-Dasgupta/a20561e10f83ae3f?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   Investment Banking- salt Lake- Kolkata) Job role: Branch Manager  Job Summary: • Cash flow management. • Providing trading solutions to all clients. • Providing working capital solutions to small scale and big firms. • Treasury management. • Worked as Financial Product consultant (H N I) • Responsibility to provide financial solution to the customers • Channelizing the liquidity of the customer to proper fund.  Asst Manager  AXIS Bank Ltd -  July 2007 to 2012  Jamshedpur_  Job Role: Admin and ATM coordinator of branch.  * Job summary: Admin (Branch &amp; IT) ➢ Implementation of Finacle 10.2 (banking software) in the region. ➢ Training the branch staffs In Finacle 10.2 module and supervising the transition period of every department from Finacle 7 to Finacle 10.2. at the time of migration. ➢ Fixed asset management through FAMS software in the region assigned to me. ➢ Responsible of procurement of new assets and stationery through e-shop software, sale and purchase of old assets through quotations from different vendors.  ➢ Space management of the branch level and 5's implementation in the branch through proper coordination with the team. ➢ Attendance record management in the HR software. ➢ Maintenance of all important branch documents for e.g. personal HR file, govt. document maintained by all banks, all notices to be displayed in the branch. ➢ Attending security meetings with local authorities on fortnightly basis. ➢ Coordination with concurrent auditor and external auditor to ensure "AAA" ratings for the Branch through proper compliance in yearly audit. ➢ Decision making authority of all petty expenses on a branch level. ➢ IT related issues to be coordinated with the help desk (WIPRO) ➢ Software and hardware management of all the branches in the region ➢ Network logbook maintenance and record keeping of all the issues faced by the branches. ➢ Record management of all the branch data and to keep a back up of the same in the main server. ➢ Responsible of smooth functioning of the server and network through regular track keeping and ensuring all the service request or call lodged should attended within proper TAT. * Job summary: ATM Manager:  ♦ Before outsourcing and centralization of ATM's ➢ Reconciliation of the all ATM's manually and in software.    ➢ Member of Circle Audit Team for compliance in ATM reconciliation of other branches. ➢ Reversal of all excess and short cash issues of the ATM's. ➢ Maintaining TAT for own bank and other bank customer disputes on a regular basis. ➢ Coordination of ATM team and local logistics &amp; courier for smooth functioning of ATM. ➢ Keeping track of cash replenishment of all ATM's in the region. ➢ Getting approval and maintaining record of all ATM related expenditure. ➢ Procurement of new ATM machine through different vendors and also to decide new location of ATM site. ➢ Fortnight audit and verification of ATM's and cash vaults ➢ Rent agreements of ATM's and renewal of the same.  After outsourcing and centralization of ATM's ➢ Handing over the reconciliation of all the ATM's to the central ATM nodal cell at the time of centralization of ATM's. ➢ Coordination with outsource agency for smooth and proper functioning of ATM's under the branch and also coordinating in acquisition of new ATM site. ➢ Daily updating of all the details in the respective software. ➢ Coordination with local CRA agency for smooth cash replenishment of all ATM's. ➢ Coordination with the central reconciliation team to solve own bank and other bank disputes within the given TAT.  * Having through knowledge on implementation of Finacle7 &amp; Finacle10.2 (Core Banking Solution Software developed by Infosys) * Head cashier for 2.5 years, serving ATM cash Requirement, Cash remittance to currency Chest and managing CDP (Cash delivery &amp; pick-up) by strictly following clean note policy. * Handled Cash Management Services. * Handled Front desk banking Operation for e.g. - D.D printing, cheque transfer, fixed deposit, Locker Facility, GBM challan. * Handling Customer Related Queries and KYC compliance and AML.  Key Learning's • A complete training of Finacle 10.2 (Classroom and on the job) • A holistic experience of overall administration, logistics and operation of banking procedures to serve the HNI clients of the Bank and also to receive appreciation and acknowledgement from both the sides.  • Thorough knowledge of Audit Compliance.  Front Office Credit Coordinator  H.D.F.C. Ltd -  Kolkata, West Bengal -  September 2005 to June 2007  Kolkata  Key Result Areas across assignments:  Job Responsibilities: * Worked as Front Office Credit Coordinator.    * Preparation of Housing loan Sanction report. * Coordinating sales team and their sales promotional activities  Key Learning's • Exposure to Housing Loan industry.  Financial Product consultant  I.C.I.C.I PRUDENTIAL LIFE INSURANCE -  Kolkata, West Bengal -  January 2004 to February 2005  H N I) • Responsibility to provide financial solution to the customers • Channelizing the liquidity of the customer to proper fund. • different industries. • Strong P.R build quality developed due to daily customer interaction. • Successfully completed 5 years of banking as an ATM manager and branch admin. • Many recognition from branch level and as well as circle level. • Proper migration and implementation of banking software from Finacle 7 to Finacle10.2. • Error free audit in Spam of 2.5 years as a Branch Main Cashier. • Achievements Of targets in Third party Products. • Managing complete branch operations with key focus on bottom line profitability by ensuring optimal utilization of available resources. • Implementation &amp; Achievement of 5S for the Branch.  EDUCATION  B.B.M  Andhra University  2003  Gulmohar High School -  Jamshedpur, Jharkhand  2000
[1471, 1478] Debasish Dasgupta Trainer-Finacle-Core Banking Solutions-Infosys - Onward eServices limited  Qasba, Bihar - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Debasish-Dasgupta/a20561e10f83ae3f  ✓ Worked as a faculty for Infosys in PTC ( Postal Training Centre) of DOP (Department of Post- India) ✓ Undertaken Classes for Banking Theory and practices. ✓ Trainer- Finacle Core Banking Solutions ✓ Maintaining client base of 20 Crores. ✓ Investment Banking ( H.N.I section) ✓ Admin and ATM manager (IT and branch) ✓ Management and smooth functioning of ATM network and administration. ✓ Implementation of Finacle10.2 in the branch level (Axis Bank) ✓ Successfully completed the task of Transition Supervisor in the migration from Finacle7 to Finacle 10.2. ✓ Over 4 years of rich experience in financial sector ✓ Ability to support and sustain a positive work environment that fosters team performance with strong communication and negotiation skills. ✓ Thorough understanding of cash management services involving bulk payments for large corporate and processing of cash and cheque collections from them. ✓ Thorough working knowledge Branch Banking &amp; routine banking operations. ✓ Possess excellent interpersonal, communication and organizational skills with demonstrated abilities in team management and customer relationship management. ✓ Developing Customer base for the Bank and be strong player in the growth of overall business  WORK EXPERIENCE  Trainer-Finacle-Core Banking Solutions-Infosys  Onward eServices limited -  Chennai, Tamil Nadu -  2014 to Present  Job Summary: Trainer in PTC (Postal Training centre) - Department of Post.  • Training clients about Finacle CBS menu opttions. • Training postal employees about the day to day banking practice. • Training postal employees about Finacle 10.2 implementation in the department. • Supervising in the migration from manual data entry to core banking application. • Training client about the package. • Migration of the system to new software.  Branch Manager  Rainbow Financial Services -  Kolkata, West Bengal -  2012 to April 2014  https://www.indeed.com/r/Debasish-Dasgupta/a20561e10f83ae3f?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   Investment Banking- salt Lake- Kolkata) Job role: Branch Manager  Job Summary: • Cash flow management. • Providing trading solutions to all clients. • Providing working capital solutions to small scale and big firms. • Treasury management. • Worked as Financial Product consultant (H N I) • Responsibility to provide financial solution to the customers • Channelizing the liquidity of the customer to proper fund.  Asst Manager  AXIS Bank Ltd -  July 2007 to 2012  Jamshedpur_  Job Role: Admin and ATM coordinator of branch.  * Job summary: Admin (Branch &amp; IT) ➢ Implementation of Finacle 10.2 (banking software) in the region. ➢ Training the branch staffs In Finacle 10.2 module and supervising the transition period of every department from Finacle 7 to Finacle 10.2. at the time of migration. ➢ Fixed asset management through FAMS software in the region assigned to me. ➢ Responsible of procurement of new assets and stationery through e-shop software, sale and purchase of old assets through quotations from different vendors.  ➢ Space management of the branch level and 5's implementation in the branch through proper coordination with the team. ➢ Attendance record management in the HR software. ➢ Maintenance of all important branch documents for e.g. personal HR file, govt. document maintained by all banks, all notices to be displayed in the branch. ➢ Attending security meetings with local authorities on fortnightly basis. ➢ Coordination with concurrent auditor and external auditor to ensure "AAA" ratings for the Branch through proper compliance in yearly audit. ➢ Decision making authority of all petty expenses on a branch level. ➢ IT related issues to be coordinated with the help desk (WIPRO) ➢ Software and hardware management of all the branches in the region ➢ Network logbook maintenance and record keeping of all the issues faced by the branches. ➢ Record management of all the branch data and to keep a back up of the same in the main server. ➢ Responsible of smooth functioning of the server and network through regular track keeping and ensuring all the service request or call lodged should attended within proper TAT. * Job summary: ATM Manager:  ♦ Before outsourcing and centralization of ATM's ➢ Reconciliation of the all ATM's manually and in software.    ➢ Member of Circle Audit Team for compliance in ATM reconciliation of other branches. ➢ Reversal of all excess and short cash issues of the ATM's. ➢ Maintaining TAT for own bank and other bank customer disputes on a regular basis. ➢ Coordination of ATM team and local logistics &amp; courier for smooth functioning of ATM. ➢ Keeping track of cash replenishment of all ATM's in the region. ➢ Getting approval and maintaining record of all ATM related expenditure. ➢ Procurement of new ATM machine through different vendors and also to decide new location of ATM site. ➢ Fortnight audit and verification of ATM's and cash vaults ➢ Rent agreements of ATM's and renewal of the same.  After outsourcing and centralization of ATM's ➢ Handing over the reconciliation of all the ATM's to the central ATM nodal cell at the time of centralization of ATM's. ➢ Coordination with outsource agency for smooth and proper functioning of ATM's under the branch and also coordinating in acquisition of new ATM site. ➢ Daily updating of all the details in the respective software. ➢ Coordination with local CRA agency for smooth cash replenishment of all ATM's. ➢ Coordination with the central reconciliation team to solve own bank and other bank disputes within the given TAT.  * Having through knowledge on implementation of Finacle7 &amp; Finacle10.2 (Core Banking Solution Software developed by Infosys) * Head cashier for 2.5 years, serving ATM cash Requirement, Cash remittance to currency Chest and managing CDP (Cash delivery &amp; pick-up) by strictly following clean note policy. * Handled Cash Management Services. * Handled Front desk banking Operation for e.g. - D.D printing, cheque transfer, fixed deposit, Locker Facility, GBM challan. * Handling Customer Related Queries and KYC compliance and AML.  Key Learning's • A complete training of Finacle 10.2 (Classroom and on the job) • A holistic experience of overall administration, logistics and operation of banking procedures to serve the HNI clients of the Bank and also to receive appreciation and acknowledgement from both the sides.  • Thorough knowledge of Audit Compliance.  Front Office Credit Coordinator  H.D.F.C. Ltd -  Kolkata, West Bengal -  September 2005 to June 2007  Kolkata  Key Result Areas across assignments:  Job Responsibilities: * Worked as Front Office Credit Coordinator.    * Preparation of Housing loan Sanction report. * Coordinating sales team and their sales promotional activities  Key Learning's • Exposure to Housing Loan industry.  Financial Product consultant  I.C.I.C.I PRUDENTIAL LIFE INSURANCE -  Kolkata, West Bengal -  January 2004 to February 2005  H N I) • Responsibility to provide financial solution to the customers • Channelizing the liquidity of the customer to proper fund. • different industries. • Strong P.R build quality developed due to daily customer interaction. • Successfully completed 5 years of banking as an ATM manager and branch admin. • Many recognition from branch level and as well as circle level. • Proper migration and implementation of banking software from Finacle 7 to Finacle10.2. • Error free audit in Spam of 2.5 years as a Branch Main Cashier. • Achievements Of targets in Third party Products. • Managing complete branch operations with key focus on bottom line profitability by ensuring optimal utilization of available resources. • Implementation &amp; Achievement of 5S for the Branch.  EDUCATION  B.B.M  Andhra University  2003  Gulmohar High School -  Jamshedpur, Jharkhand  2000
[1432, 1470] Debasish Dasgupta Trainer-Finacle-Core Banking Solutions-Infosys - Onward eServices limited  Qasba, Bihar - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Debasish-Dasgupta/a20561e10f83ae3f  ✓ Worked as a faculty for Infosys in PTC ( Postal Training Centre) of DOP (Department of Post- India) ✓ Undertaken Classes for Banking Theory and practices. ✓ Trainer- Finacle Core Banking Solutions ✓ Maintaining client base of 20 Crores. ✓ Investment Banking ( H.N.I section) ✓ Admin and ATM manager (IT and branch) ✓ Management and smooth functioning of ATM network and administration. ✓ Implementation of Finacle10.2 in the branch level (Axis Bank) ✓ Successfully completed the task of Transition Supervisor in the migration from Finacle7 to Finacle 10.2. ✓ Over 4 years of rich experience in financial sector ✓ Ability to support and sustain a positive work environment that fosters team performance with strong communication and negotiation skills. ✓ Thorough understanding of cash management services involving bulk payments for large corporate and processing of cash and cheque collections from them. ✓ Thorough working knowledge Branch Banking &amp; routine banking operations. ✓ Possess excellent interpersonal, communication and organizational skills with demonstrated abilities in team management and customer relationship management. ✓ Developing Customer base for the Bank and be strong player in the growth of overall business  WORK EXPERIENCE  Trainer-Finacle-Core Banking Solutions-Infosys  Onward eServices limited -  Chennai, Tamil Nadu -  2014 to Present  Job Summary: Trainer in PTC (Postal Training centre) - Department of Post.  • Training clients about Finacle CBS menu opttions. • Training postal employees about the day to day banking practice. • Training postal employees about Finacle 10.2 implementation in the department. • Supervising in the migration from manual data entry to core banking application. • Training client about the package. • Migration of the system to new software.  Branch Manager  Rainbow Financial Services -  Kolkata, West Bengal -  2012 to April 2014  https://www.indeed.com/r/Debasish-Dasgupta/a20561e10f83ae3f?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   Investment Banking- salt Lake- Kolkata) Job role: Branch Manager  Job Summary: • Cash flow management. • Providing trading solutions to all clients. • Providing working capital solutions to small scale and big firms. • Treasury management. • Worked as Financial Product consultant (H N I) • Responsibility to provide financial solution to the customers • Channelizing the liquidity of the customer to proper fund.  Asst Manager  AXIS Bank Ltd -  July 2007 to 2012  Jamshedpur_  Job Role: Admin and ATM coordinator of branch.  * Job summary: Admin (Branch &amp; IT) ➢ Implementation of Finacle 10.2 (banking software) in the region. ➢ Training the branch staffs In Finacle 10.2 module and supervising the transition period of every department from Finacle 7 to Finacle 10.2. at the time of migration. ➢ Fixed asset management through FAMS software in the region assigned to me. ➢ Responsible of procurement of new assets and stationery through e-shop software, sale and purchase of old assets through quotations from different vendors.  ➢ Space management of the branch level and 5's implementation in the branch through proper coordination with the team. ➢ Attendance record management in the HR software. ➢ Maintenance of all important branch documents for e.g. personal HR file, govt. document maintained by all banks, all notices to be displayed in the branch. ➢ Attending security meetings with local authorities on fortnightly basis. ➢ Coordination with concurrent auditor and external auditor to ensure "AAA" ratings for the Branch through proper compliance in yearly audit. ➢ Decision making authority of all petty expenses on a branch level. ➢ IT related issues to be coordinated with the help desk (WIPRO) ➢ Software and hardware management of all the branches in the region ➢ Network logbook maintenance and record keeping of all the issues faced by the branches. ➢ Record management of all the branch data and to keep a back up of the same in the main server. ➢ Responsible of smooth functioning of the server and network through regular track keeping and ensuring all the service request or call lodged should attended within proper TAT. * Job summary: ATM Manager:  ♦ Before outsourcing and centralization of ATM's ➢ Reconciliation of the all ATM's manually and in software.    ➢ Member of Circle Audit Team for compliance in ATM reconciliation of other branches. ➢ Reversal of all excess and short cash issues of the ATM's. ➢ Maintaining TAT for own bank and other bank customer disputes on a regular basis. ➢ Coordination of ATM team and local logistics &amp; courier for smooth functioning of ATM. ➢ Keeping track of cash replenishment of all ATM's in the region. ➢ Getting approval and maintaining record of all ATM related expenditure. ➢ Procurement of new ATM machine through different vendors and also to decide new location of ATM site. ➢ Fortnight audit and verification of ATM's and cash vaults ➢ Rent agreements of ATM's and renewal of the same.  After outsourcing and centralization of ATM's ➢ Handing over the reconciliation of all the ATM's to the central ATM nodal cell at the time of centralization of ATM's. ➢ Coordination with outsource agency for smooth and proper functioning of ATM's under the branch and also coordinating in acquisition of new ATM site. ➢ Daily updating of all the details in the respective software. ➢ Coordination with local CRA agency for smooth cash replenishment of all ATM's. ➢ Coordination with the central reconciliation team to solve own bank and other bank disputes within the given TAT.  * Having through knowledge on implementation of Finacle7 &amp; Finacle10.2 (Core Banking Solution Software developed by Infosys) * Head cashier for 2.5 years, serving ATM cash Requirement, Cash remittance to currency Chest and managing CDP (Cash delivery &amp; pick-up) by strictly following clean note policy. * Handled Cash Management Services. * Handled Front desk banking Operation for e.g. - D.D printing, cheque transfer, fixed deposit, Locker Facility, GBM challan. * Handling Customer Related Queries and KYC compliance and AML.  Key Learning's • A complete training of Finacle 10.2 (Classroom and on the job) • A holistic experience of overall administration, logistics and operation of banking procedures to serve the HNI clients of the Bank and also to receive appreciation and acknowledgement from both the sides.  • Thorough knowledge of Audit Compliance.  Front Office Credit Coordinator  H.D.F.C. Ltd -  Kolkata, West Bengal -  September 2005 to June 2007  Kolkata  Key Result Areas across assignments:  Job Responsibilities: * Worked as Front Office Credit Coordinator.    * Preparation of Housing loan Sanction report. * Coordinating sales team and their sales promotional activities  Key Learning's • Exposure to Housing Loan industry.  Financial Product consultant  I.C.I.C.I PRUDENTIAL LIFE INSURANCE -  Kolkata, West Bengal -  January 2004 to February 2005  H N I) • Responsibility to provide financial solution to the customers • Channelizing the liquidity of the customer to proper fund. • different industries. • Strong P.R build quality developed due to daily customer interaction. • Successfully completed 5 years of banking as an ATM manager and branch admin. • Many recognition from branch level and as well as circle level. • Proper migration and implementation of banking software from Finacle 7 to Finacle10.2. • Error free audit in Spam of 2.5 years as a Branch Main Cashier. • Achievements Of targets in Third party Products. • Managing complete branch operations with key focus on bottom line profitability by ensuring optimal utilization of available resources. • Implementation &amp; Achievement of 5S for the Branch.  EDUCATION  B.B.M  Andhra University  2003  Gulmohar High School -  Jamshedpur, Jharkhand  2000
[2035, 2077] Dinesh Reddy Deployed chef for configuration management infrastructure - Cisco Bangalore  Bengaluru, Karnataka - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Dinesh-Reddy/139711455c45e1ad  To give my best in my professional pursuit for overall benefit and growth of the company that I serve by facing the challenges. I will show my caliber and gain some experience.  Professional Credentials and Abilities • Having 3.5+ years of experience as a Build and Release Engineer in automating, building, releasing of code from one environment to other environment and deploying to servers.  • Extensively worked on Jenkins for continuous integration and for End to End automation for all build and deployments.  • Having In-depth understanding of the principles and best practices of Software Configuration  • Extensive experience using MAVEN and ANT as build tools for the building of deployable artifacts (jar, war & tar) from source code.  • Build, Configure, Manage and Coordinate all Build and Release Management activities.  • Worked on Automated build & Release process.  • Automated highly build, test, and reporting mechanisms.  • Worked on server machines with platforms like windows64, windows32 and linux64 to test and resolve the new release for group build issues, test failures, build breaks, Integration issues, and analyzed test logs in Agile Environment.  • Troubleshooting and problem solving of Linux/UNIX servers, debugging OS failure.  • Experience in working on source control tools like SVN and GIT.  • Expert in deploying the code through web application servers like Apache, Tomcat.  • Extensive experience of working with the release and deployment of large scale Java/J2EEWeb applications.  • Experience in Deploying to and administering in the use of Tomcat, Nexus, Apache web server, SVN. • Excellent communicative, interpersonal, intuitive, analysis and leadership skills with ability to work efficiently in both independent and team work environments.  Willing to relocate to: Bengaluru, Karnataka - anywhere  https://www.indeed.com/r/Dinesh-Reddy/139711455c45e1ad?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   WORK EXPERIENCE  Deployed chef for configuration management infrastructure  Cisco Bangalore -  Bengaluru, Karnataka -  September 2016 to Present  Role: Build & release. Environment: Java 1.7, Subversion 1.8, Ant 1.9.4, GIT 2.1, Puppet, Jira 6.3, Nexus, Shell scripting, web logic 11g and Tomcat Servers 8. Responsibilities: • Coordinate with the Development, Database Administration, QA, and IT Operations teams to ensure there are no resource conflicts. • Installed and configured Jenkins for Automating build, deployments and test execution and providing a complete automation solution using jenkins. • Deployed chef for configuration management infrastructure, Implemented auto environment creation using chef. • Designing and implementing fully automated server build, management, monitoring and deployment solutions spanning multiple platforms, tools and technologies including Jenkins Nodes/Agents, SSH, deployment and testing. • Created repositories according the structure required with branches, tags and trunks. • Responsible for maintaining Multiple DevOps tools & configuring across all projects Subversion (SVN), GIT, Maven, Jenkins, ANT, Artifactory, Chef. • Configured application servers (WebLogic) to deploy the code. • Experience in deploying applications on Tomcat and Web logic servers. • Managed and document all post deployment issues utilizing the Post Deployments Issue Log.  Declaration I hereby declare that the statements made herein are true, complete and correct to the best of my knowledge and belief. I have not suppressed any material fact or factual information herein.  Place: Bangalore Date:  software engineer  cisco -  June 2014 to Present  build & release engineer  Devops Engineer  Cisco Bangalore -  Bengaluru, Karnataka -  2014 to Present  Technical Skills Devops pipelines: Cloud bees Enterprise Jenkins, GIT, Docker, AWS SCM Tools: SVN, GIT.    Continuous Build: ANT, Maven Artifact Repository: Sontype Nexus Containers: Docker, AWS Basics, Chef Static code Analysis: Sonarqube Check style CI Tools: Cloud bees Enterprise Jenkins. Editors and IDEs: Eclipse (IMS Distribution), Notepad++ Operating Systems: MS Windows XP/2000/NT/98, UNIX, Linux Database: MY SQL. Servers: Apache, Tomcat Tools: MS Office  software engineer  cisco  Build & Release through complete automation using jenkins and config by chef in complete cloud enviornment like AWS GCP  EDUCATION  BSC  Sri Venkateswara university tirupati -  Tirupati, Andhra Pradesh  2012  SKILLS  AWS Devops  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Git maven jenkins vagrant docker nagios sonarcube chef ansible
[1656, 1698] Nidhi Pandit Test Engineer - Infosys Limited  - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Nidhi-Pandit/b4b383dbe14789c5  Overall around 4 years of work experience - Currently working with Infosys Limited designated as Test Engineer. Experience in Automation and Manual Testing in telecom and banking domain.  WORK EXPERIENCE  Test Engineer  Infosys Limited -  June 2016 to Present  Project Description: CBIL (Core Banking Integration Layer) is a crucial integration layer that is specifically addressing the architectural complexity due to multiple core banking systems and variants at HSBC. It is a standard service interface across different core banking systems to facilitate easy integration with other global systems. CBIL is a strategic initiative to standardize all interfaces with core banking without impacting the underlying core banking system. Roles & Responsibilities:  • Understanding the functional requirements of the API. • Involvement in Test Planning. • Verifying the documents provided by the development team. • Creating test data request document to test the service on the certified environment. • Create and automate Test Cases. • Preparing Stub to virtualize the API. • Executing test cases in local and certified environments and validating the responses. • Participation in Stand up Calls, Scrum Calls, Sprint Planning, Retrospective Meetings. • Defect Management in JIRA. • Involvement in Automation Scripting. • Presenting completed APIs to the client. • Experience in working under client environment, multi-vendor environment.  Test Engineer  Infosys Limited -  February 2014 to Present  Test Engineer  Infosys Limited -  https://www.indeed.com/r/Nidhi-Pandit/b4b383dbe14789c5?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   July 2014 to January 2016  Project Description: Order Management Fulfillment (OMFUL), which belongs to Telecommunication Domain, is a unified business process management framework that orchestrates, automates and manages the service fulfillment process, aligning people, processes and technology. This product caters the end to end functionality for telecom services in OSS space. Our role as a team was to ensure any Initiate/ Change Request towards the product is delivered successfully in time with no compromise in quality. Roles & Responsibilities:  • Understanding the client requirement • Creating SQL scripts and deploying on the local environment (UNIX) • Sanity testing on different environments • Performing Manual Testing on OMFUL Application • Creating and maintaining test cases as per the requirement • Run and validate the test cases in the system which is integrated in a real production like environment • Creating manual stubs to complete the process fulfillment flow • Defect Management • Creating Show And Tell Related documents • Participation in support team at the time of Production Deployment  EDUCATION  State Board  2008  Education  Passing  Bachelor in Electronics  Central India Institute  Engineering  Technical University  SKILLS  API. (1 year), Scripting. (1 year), SOAP (1 year), UI (1 year), XML (3 years)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Key Technical Skills    Technical Experience: - Automation Testing (REST API, Service Virtualization), Functional Testing, Regression Testing Manual Testing, Scripting (SQL) Domain Experience: - Telecom, Banking Programming & Scripting Languages: - HTML, CSS, XML, SQL, JAVA (Basic), JSON SDLC Model: -Waterfall, Agile Testing Tools: - CA LISA, APM (Amdocs Process Manager), SOAP UI, TOSCA, HP-ALM (QC) Test Management Tools: -JIRA, Quality Center Other Tools: -SQL Developer, TOAD. Database: - DB2, SQL
[998, 1038] Pavithra M "Infosys" internship  Bengaluru, Karnataka - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Pavithra-M/26f392ec8251143b  Willing to relocate to: Bengaluru, Karnataka  WORK EXPERIENCE  "Infosys" internship  Infosys  About: a detailed analysis of diseases and user interface based on that giving clear idea which diseases has affected at what region and treatment availability for that particular diseases. It was completed in "Infosys" internship • Event management. • Good communication skills. • Leadership qualities. • Team collaboration. • Creative thinking.  EDUCATION  CBSE  STATE  SSLC  State board  SKILLS  ADOBE PHOTOSHOP (Less than 1 year), ANDROID (Less than 1 year), APPLICATION SOFTWARE (Less than 1 year), C++ (Less than 1 year), CSS (Less than 1 year)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Technical skills:  • Programing Languages: C, C++ and JAVA.  • Databases: MySQL, SQL server (SQLyog)  • Web tools: HTML, CSS.  • Operating Systems: Windows (XP, 8, 8.1, 10), Ubuntu, fedora, Linux.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Pavithra-M/26f392ec8251143b?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   • Application software: Microsoft Office.  • IDE: Eclipse, Netbeans. Workshops attended:  • Basic editing tools using MS office. • Android workshop. • Adobe Photoshop. • Angular JS.  Project and Internship:  1. "JAVA 8 applications for Login Credentials with DB connectivity"
[1945, 1989] Sudaya Puranik Principal Engineer Technical Staff - Company 1  Bengaluru, Karnataka - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Sudaya-Puranik/eaf5f7c1a67c6c38  To secure a promising position that offers both a challenge and a good opportunity for both professional and personal growth.  Willing to relocate to: Bengaluru, Karnataka  WORK EXPERIENCE  Principal Engineer Technical Staff  Company 1 -  Bengaluru, Karnataka -  September 2005 to Present  Total Experience: 12 years 6 months. Worked onshore and offshore for the projects. Extensive client facing and team management skills.  Company 1: Oracle India Private Limited, Bangalore Designation: Principal Engineer Technical Staff Duration: September 2005 - till date  KEY TECHNICAL SKILLS Databases: Oracle 9i/10g, MySql Languages: PL/SQL, Shell Script. Frameworks and Portals: Oracle ADF Server side Technology: J2ee, IDE: Jdeveloper 10.x  TECHNICAL EXPERIENCE SUMMARY ➢ 1 year Oracle Applications checklist implementation ➢ 3+ years of Disaster Recovery on Oracle Applications (EBSO 11i, R12) and Database. ➢ 8+ years of Oracle Applications DBA with Build and Release activities. ➢ Installation of Oracle Applications (EBSO 11i, R12) at Customer environment and carry out DR ➢ Configuration of Oracle Applications (EBSO 11i, R12) as per Customer specification. ➢ Configuration of Discoverer, Admin, Concurrent, Forms, Web, Reports done on separate pillars ➢ Patching, Cloning of Oracle Apps ➢ Database conversion from non-RAC to 2 node, 3-node RAC ➢ Installation of OTO product on customer environment. Including the Infra, Asmt, discoverer, OC4J product. ➢ Carried out Disaster Recovery solutions for OTO ➢ Database Switchover code written for OTO ➢ Domain knowledge of Manual Testing. ➢ Oracle Apps Release and Build Engineer, ➢ Carried out 11i and R12 Upgrades on Oracle Internal Customers. ➢ Carried out 12.2.X upgrades from 11i and R12 baselines with 11g and 12c database level  https://www.indeed.com/r/Sudaya-Puranik/eaf5f7c1a67c6c38?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   ➢ Experienced with Database upgrades as well. Carried out upgrades from 10g to 11g, 11g to 12C DB. ➢ Have been awarded Extra Mile Award 2 times for execution of projects on time with quality.  Principal Engineer  ORACLE -  September 2005 to Present  Oracle Apps DBA for R12 and 12.2.X baselines, responsible for all the EBS release activities , handled upgrades with latest adop technology.  EDUCATION  Bachelor of Engineering (Information Science) in Information Science  B V Bhoomaraddi College of Engg and Technology Hubli -  Hubli, Karnataka  2005  Visveswaraiah Technological University -  Belgaum, Karnataka  SKILLS  Oracle Apps DBA Release Enginner  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Software/Tools • Test cases written in MS Word • Carried out manually as QTP does not support this Application 5) Disaster Recovery Portal for carrying out Recovery on the Customers. • It involves a portal through which we provide the Customer details and host types. There are xml plug-in, which are installed and parsed as Workflows. The workflows contain the steps of the DR for the MT and DB. As and when required we can pause and skip during the recovery. Tool tested and verified by the On Demand Operations and Customers like GE, Xerox, RIT etc. Client: On Demand Operations, Oracle Bangalore Roles and Responsibilities: • Developed all the plug-in needed for the recovery which include Database Plug-in, E-business Suite Plug-in. • Monitoring and Support 24/7  Team Size: 2 • Software /Tools: Shell and Expect scripting.  4) DR Solution for R12 (E-Business Suite) It involves setting up the primary by installing Oracle Apps R12, setup the standby site i.e Database, Mid Tier, by cloning the same and recover. It also involves operations like Switch Over and Fail Over. By Switch Over we mean Primary to Standby and vice versa    By Fail Over we mean the Primary has crashed, we need to make the Standby as the Primary. Client: On Demand Operations, Oracle Bangalore  Team Size: 2 Software /Tools: Shell and Expect scripting, PLSQL.  Roles and Responsibilities:  • Installation, Cloning, Patching of the Oracle Applications R12. • Conversion of Database from non-RAC to RAC • Setting up of the Standby. • Carry out the Switchover, Fail over and Recovery. • Carryout the whole Recovery Process through the UI.  3) On Demand Service Continuity  The project dealt with "Disaster Recovery & Backup" which involves automating checks so that disaster could be prevented. Also the recovery of database is involved. Client: On Demand Operations, Oracle Bangalore Team Size: 5 Software /Tools: Unix Advanced shell scripting and expect. (Involves working on Korn Shell)  Roles and Responsibilities: • Automated the checklists for E-business suite and PeopleSoft products.  2) CCB Portal Administration  Project Description  The new CCB Administration component is an integrated, web-based application intended to consolidate and simplify the CCB processes for On Demand. This application:  • Makes it easier to manage the process of change implementation in customer instances across the various milestones in the On Demand life cycle.  • Simplifies said change implementation by keeping the information organized in a centralized repository.  • In the CCB Administration application Release 1.0 Client: System Assurance Centre, Oracle Unites States of America  Team Size: 3 Software /Tools:  PL/SQL and HTML  Roles and Responsibilities:    * Developed the PL/SQL procedures & packages, HTML forms required for the Portal, using HTML for the user to enter the required data. * The data is entered is validated, using Java Scripting, and the data is stored in the database. * Developed the reports.  1) ORACLE PRODUCTION ASSESSMENTS  Project Description AUTO VERIFY TOOL Auto Verify is a utility that automates many of the tedious and repetitive tasks that are involved during QA testing of an Oracle Applications Release 11i environment. Auto Verify now performs many of the tasks automatically that used to be performed manually. Client: System Assurance Centre, Oracle Unites States of America  Team Size: 4 Software /Tools: UNIX Advanced Shell Scripting, PL/SQL.  Roles and Responsibilities: Automated the all the checklists for 8 releases of E-business suite.
[1894, 2173] Imgeeyaul Ansari java developer  Pune, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Imgeeyaul-Ansari/a7be1cc43a434ac4  Willing to relocate to: Pune, Maharashtra  WORK EXPERIENCE  Application Developer  Oracle Financial Software Services -  Pune, Maharashtra -  August 2016 to Present  • Wrote Services in java using data annotation which in turn were used for creating other files using code generation tool.  • Jar of services with related utility files such as DTOs are deployed on the Host side.  • Host side is hosted on Tomcat Server where proxy files are present.  • Created jsff page for UI, and wrote action, helper, assembler, backing bean for UI side business Logic made entries in collectionAppModule, PageDef.  • Used ADF & MVC architecture for building application.  Used JUnit for Testing services,Algorithms. Also made test Suites For running multiple test case at one go.  Used Eclipse Debugger for Fixing Service Related Jiras. Made Use of Hot Deployment for Fixing Ui related Bugs on UI side which was run on Weblogic Server.  Used JAWS Reader for solving accessibility Related jiras and IA plugin.  Used Java to write Batches for fetching of Bulk Data at Regular Interval. It created Thread for Multitasking to reduce the time for processing.  EDUCATION  Bachelor of Enginerring in Information Technology  Army institute of technology -  Pune, Maharashtra  2012 to 2016  CBSE in Physics, Chemistry, Mathematics  Rashtriya Military School Bangalore -  Bengaluru, Karnataka  https://www.indeed.com/r/Imgeeyaul-Ansari/a7be1cc43a434ac4?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   2010 to 2011  CBSE in Mathematics and English  Rashtriya Military School Bangalore -  Bengaluru, Karnataka  2008 to 2009  SKILLS  JAVA (1 year), CSS (1 year), HTML (1 year), MYSQL (1 year), JAVASCRIPT (Less than 1 year), Angularjs (1 year), Oracle Pl/Sql  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  TECHNICAL SKILLS Programming Languages :C/C++, angular, java, java servlet, HTML, java script, MySQL, css, jsff.  Operating Systems Linux, Windows, Android  ORM Eclipse Link, Hibernate  Framework & tools :ADF, Eclipse, Android Studio, Git, Selenium, Code blocks, Net beans, R studio, Tortoise SVN.
[61, 105] VARUN AHLUWALIA Quantitative Analyst  - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/VARUN-AHLUWALIA/725d9b113f3c4f0c  WORK EXPERIENCE  Software Engineer  Tavant -  Bangalore, Karnataka -  April 2005 to April 2006  • Implemented online retail sale management solution for industrial manufacturing giant Ingersoll Rand. • Implemented secondary mortgage solution for leading wholesale lender Ameriquest.  Software Engineer  Patni -  Bangalore, Karnataka -  August 2004 to April 2005  • Built profitability reports for using Oracle Financial Analytics  EDUCATION  Master of Science in Financial Mathematics  University of Chicago -  Chicago, IL  June 2010  Bachelor of Technology in Civil Engineering  Indian Institutes of Technology IIT Kanpur  July 2004  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  SKILLS Programming • JAVA, C++, C, Matlab, SQL  Operating System • Windows, Linux  https://www.indeed.com/r/VARUN-AHLUWALIA/725d9b113f3c4f0c?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN
[523, 562] Pawan Nag Microsoft Certified System Engineer  Delhi, Delhi - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Pawan-Nag/e14493f28cb72022  WORK EXPERIENCE  Microsoft Certified System Engineer  MCSA -  2000 to 2000  Corporate Trainings in India  EDUCATION  AMIE sec A  Training Program  2018  LINKS  https://mcp.microsoft.com/Anonymous//Transcript/Validate  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Skill Summary: Operating Systems: • Windows Server 2000, 2003, 2008, 2012, 2012R2. • Exchange 2003, 2007, 2010, 2013,  Date […] (Name) Pawan Nag  https://www.indeed.com/r/Pawan-Nag/e14493f28cb72022?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN https://mcp.microsoft.com/Anonymous//Transcript/Validate
[277, 328] Chaban kumar Debbarma Tripura - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Chaban-kumar-Debbarma/bf721c55fb380d19  Willing to relocate to: Agartala, Tripura - Tripura  WORK EXPERIENCE  Microsoft  -  June 2018 to December 2018  I want full time jobs  EDUCATION  10th  School  https://www.indeed.com/r/Chaban-kumar-Debbarma/bf721c55fb380d19?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN
[1865, 1868] Sowmya Karanth Finance Analyst  Hyderabad, Telangana - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Sowmya-Karanth/ a76c9c40c02ed396  To leverage 1+ years experience in order management and build up the core financial techniques and ensure the better growth of the organisation by providing dedicated and on time delivery of the job.  Willing to relocate to: Bengaluru, Karnataka - hyderbad, Telangana - Chennai, Tamil Nadu  WORK EXPERIENCE  Finance Analyst  Oracle India Pvt ltd -  May 2015 to March 2017  * Recruited as Finance analyst for NAMER ( North Americas') region and worked for a year.  * Achieved 'YAR (You Are Recognised) ' Award for the month of August 2015 and was given the title "Young and early achiever".  * From June 2016 to September 2016 was trained and worked for EMEA ( Middle Eastern) regions and was the mentor for new joiners and trainer for new managers.  * From September 2016 due to regional expansion was trained for APAC ( Asian & Pacific) regions and was given the title 'Global Resource' due to my constant & extensive support for the other two regions.  * Performed two major projects 'LLC ( License Learning Cycle) ' and 'Global Review tool' and was the lead and global reviewer in both.  * Performed various extensive analysis to globalise the process like standardising the differences in the process flow and concepts between regions.  EDUCATION  MBA in Finance and sectorial specialisation  Avinashilingam Institute for Home Science & Higher Education for Women  2013 to 2015  French  https://www.indeed.com/r/Sowmya-Karanth/a76c9c40c02ed396?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN https://www.indeed.com/r/Sowmya-Karanth/a76c9c40c02ed396?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   S.B.K.V higher secondary school  2010  Avinashilingam Deemed University -  Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu  SKILLS  EMPLOYEE RESOURCE GROUP (Less than 1 year), ENTERPRISE RESOURCE PLANNING (Less than 1 year), ERP (Less than 1 year), Microsoft office (Less than 1 year), MS OFFICE (Less than 1 year)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  /INTERESTS  * Computer skills - Microsoft office, ERP, Oracle SQL
[1308, 1349] Nitin Verma Assisting Microsoft Partners - Exchange Online and Office  Pune, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Nitin-Verma/b9e8520147f728d2  WORK EXPERIENCE  Assisting Microsoft Partners  Exchange Online and Office -  September 2017 to Present  from around the world with AD, Exchange Online and Office 365 related issues. ➢ Prompt assistance within the required SLA as per the case creation by users and follow up timely till the issue has been resolved up to the user's satisfaction.  ➢ Troubleshooting and resolving various production impacting critical issues.  ➢ Educating Admins about various Microsoft Office 365 features and assisting them with implementing the same using GUI as well as PowerShell.  ➢ Reproducing the users' issues on test environment and researching to find a resolution.  ➢ Interact with other 2nd level support team for joined troubleshooting sessions where root cause is not well defined.  ➢ Assisting users/admins with various Office 365 applications, like Outlook, Word, SharePoint, OneDrive, Skype For Business, etc.  ➢ Brainstorming with the Technical Advisors from Microsoft regarding Service Incidents impacting multiple tenants.  Tools Used: RAVE, CAP and AVAYA.  EDUCATION  Bachelor of Engineering in EnTC  Pune University -  Pune, Maharashtra  https://www.indeed.com/r/Nitin-Verma/b9e8520147f728d2?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN
[3878, 3937] Angad Waghmare Pune, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Angad-Waghmare/42aa9e8655a5f7a3  ➢ Total 32 month of Experience in multiple segments of IT field as Hardware/Desktop Engineer.. ➢ Microsoft Certified Professional in Managing and Maintaining Microsoft Windows Server 2008Environment […] ➢ Installation of the Server and Client infrastructure. ➢ Hardware troubleshooting.  Willing to relocate: Anywhere  WORK EXPERIENCE  Netsol technology (Pune) -  Pune, Maharashtra -  September 2016 to Present  Designation:. System Engg at Tooltech Global Engineering Pune pvt ltd. ➢ Skilled Installation, Configuration and Administration of Microsoft Windows products like Windows server 2003, Windows Server 2008, Windows 7, Win XP. ➢ Server &amp; client environment for clients in Leading banking and software industry. ➢ User administration, File server administration, Disk quota management. ➢ Providing hardware &amp; network support to all clients, Installation &amp; Configuration.  ➢ Hardware Maintenance. ➢ Internet Connection Sharing using Routing services on Windows server. ➢ Data Backups and Restoration, Managing NTFS Security, Permission. ➢ Configuring &amp; Managing Print Server, printer administration. ➢ Software installation and updating system patches. ➢ Setup, configure small LAN &amp; share printers at the customer end as per requirement. ➢ Ownership of Helpdesk tickets till its closure ➢ To co-ordinate with the appropriate teams for call resolution. ➢ Attending to phone calls and giving appropriate answers to users. ➢ Perform timely Patch management on Client systems as per the Schedule. (Saturday) ➢ 10-15 System maintenance task on Saturday. ➢ Implement change request by approval of System Administrator /Sr. System Administrator. ➢ Coordination and communication with all System Administrator /Sr. System Administrator on critical issues or helpdesk tickets. ➢ Manage and monitor LAN/WAN network services. ➢ Recommend and acquire equipment replacements and upgrades; ➢ Maintain an inventory of all devices. (i.e. Computers, Laptops, Monitors, phones etc..) ➢ Draft and maintain documentation for new changes implemented. ➢ Perform routine audits of systems and software to avoid misuse of internet. ➢ Troubleshoot any reported problems. ➢ Every day fill up the daily completed and pending task report and sent to System Administrator / Sr. System Administrator. ➢ Complete and record day to day activity given by department. ➢ Attend the department meeting which held on 4th Thursday every months.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Angad-Waghmare/42aa9e8655a5f7a3?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   ➢ Configure and manage and Troubleshooting of Design software i.e. AutoCAD, Pro-E, Solid works, Catia, corel draw, AutoCAD LT..Etc.  ➢ EDUCATIONAL QULIFICATION:  Desktop support egg. At Infosys Pune  Gayatri Infotech Pvt. Ltd -  Pune, Maharashtra -  July 2011 to January 2012  The company is working as Authorized Service Providers for leading computer manufacturers brand ACER. The company Provides hardware and network support to various clients from Banking and software Industry.  SKILLS  active directory (Less than 1 year), DHCP (Less than 1 year), DNS. (Less than 1 year), Hardware troubleshooting. (Less than 1 year), Windows Server 2008 (1 year)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  ♦ operating Systems MICROSOFT: Windows server 2008 • Build Windows Active Directory. DNS. • DHCP Management. • Diagnosed and corrected medium problems in current network • User Management and Management of Permissions according to requirement • File System Management. • Advanced Hardware/Software Installation, configuration and Management. • Hardware troubleshooting MICROSOFT: Windows XP, Window7, Window8 and Window10 • Advanced Hardware/Software Installation, configuration and Management. • File System Management. • Hardware troubleshooting..  PROFFESIONAL CERTIFICATION: • Microsoft Certified Windows server 2008 in active directory.
[3111, 3846] Angad Waghmare Pune, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Angad-Waghmare/42aa9e8655a5f7a3  ➢ Total 32 month of Experience in multiple segments of IT field as Hardware/Desktop Engineer.. ➢ Microsoft Certified Professional in Managing and Maintaining Microsoft Windows Server 2008Environment […] ➢ Installation of the Server and Client infrastructure. ➢ Hardware troubleshooting.  Willing to relocate: Anywhere  WORK EXPERIENCE  Netsol technology (Pune) -  Pune, Maharashtra -  September 2016 to Present  Designation:. System Engg at Tooltech Global Engineering Pune pvt ltd. ➢ Skilled Installation, Configuration and Administration of Microsoft Windows products like Windows server 2003, Windows Server 2008, Windows 7, Win XP. ➢ Server &amp; client environment for clients in Leading banking and software industry. ➢ User administration, File server administration, Disk quota management. ➢ Providing hardware &amp; network support to all clients, Installation &amp; Configuration.  ➢ Hardware Maintenance. ➢ Internet Connection Sharing using Routing services on Windows server. ➢ Data Backups and Restoration, Managing NTFS Security, Permission. ➢ Configuring &amp; Managing Print Server, printer administration. ➢ Software installation and updating system patches. ➢ Setup, configure small LAN &amp; share printers at the customer end as per requirement. ➢ Ownership of Helpdesk tickets till its closure ➢ To co-ordinate with the appropriate teams for call resolution. ➢ Attending to phone calls and giving appropriate answers to users. ➢ Perform timely Patch management on Client systems as per the Schedule. (Saturday) ➢ 10-15 System maintenance task on Saturday. ➢ Implement change request by approval of System Administrator /Sr. System Administrator. ➢ Coordination and communication with all System Administrator /Sr. System Administrator on critical issues or helpdesk tickets. ➢ Manage and monitor LAN/WAN network services. ➢ Recommend and acquire equipment replacements and upgrades; ➢ Maintain an inventory of all devices. (i.e. Computers, Laptops, Monitors, phones etc..) ➢ Draft and maintain documentation for new changes implemented. ➢ Perform routine audits of systems and software to avoid misuse of internet. ➢ Troubleshoot any reported problems. ➢ Every day fill up the daily completed and pending task report and sent to System Administrator / Sr. System Administrator. ➢ Complete and record day to day activity given by department. ➢ Attend the department meeting which held on 4th Thursday every months.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Angad-Waghmare/42aa9e8655a5f7a3?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   ➢ Configure and manage and Troubleshooting of Design software i.e. AutoCAD, Pro-E, Solid works, Catia, corel draw, AutoCAD LT..Etc.  ➢ EDUCATIONAL QULIFICATION:  Desktop support egg. At Infosys Pune  Gayatri Infotech Pvt. Ltd -  Pune, Maharashtra -  July 2011 to January 2012  The company is working as Authorized Service Providers for leading computer manufacturers brand ACER. The company Provides hardware and network support to various clients from Banking and software Industry.  SKILLS  active directory (Less than 1 year), DHCP (Less than 1 year), DNS. (Less than 1 year), Hardware troubleshooting. (Less than 1 year), Windows Server 2008 (1 year)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  ♦ operating Systems MICROSOFT: Windows server 2008 • Build Windows Active Directory. DNS. • DHCP Management. • Diagnosed and corrected medium problems in current network • User Management and Management of Permissions according to requirement • File System Management. • Advanced Hardware/Software Installation, configuration and Management. • Hardware troubleshooting MICROSOFT: Windows XP, Window7, Window8 and Window10 • Advanced Hardware/Software Installation, configuration and Management. • File System Management. • Hardware troubleshooting..  PROFFESIONAL CERTIFICATION: • Microsoft Certified Windows server 2008 in active directory.
[2529, 2573] Angad Waghmare Pune, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Angad-Waghmare/42aa9e8655a5f7a3  ➢ Total 32 month of Experience in multiple segments of IT field as Hardware/Desktop Engineer.. ➢ Microsoft Certified Professional in Managing and Maintaining Microsoft Windows Server 2008Environment […] ➢ Installation of the Server and Client infrastructure. ➢ Hardware troubleshooting.  Willing to relocate: Anywhere  WORK EXPERIENCE  Netsol technology (Pune) -  Pune, Maharashtra -  September 2016 to Present  Designation:. System Engg at Tooltech Global Engineering Pune pvt ltd. ➢ Skilled Installation, Configuration and Administration of Microsoft Windows products like Windows server 2003, Windows Server 2008, Windows 7, Win XP. ➢ Server &amp; client environment for clients in Leading banking and software industry. ➢ User administration, File server administration, Disk quota management. ➢ Providing hardware &amp; network support to all clients, Installation &amp; Configuration.  ➢ Hardware Maintenance. ➢ Internet Connection Sharing using Routing services on Windows server. ➢ Data Backups and Restoration, Managing NTFS Security, Permission. ➢ Configuring &amp; Managing Print Server, printer administration. ➢ Software installation and updating system patches. ➢ Setup, configure small LAN &amp; share printers at the customer end as per requirement. ➢ Ownership of Helpdesk tickets till its closure ➢ To co-ordinate with the appropriate teams for call resolution. ➢ Attending to phone calls and giving appropriate answers to users. ➢ Perform timely Patch management on Client systems as per the Schedule. (Saturday) ➢ 10-15 System maintenance task on Saturday. ➢ Implement change request by approval of System Administrator /Sr. System Administrator. ➢ Coordination and communication with all System Administrator /Sr. System Administrator on critical issues or helpdesk tickets. ➢ Manage and monitor LAN/WAN network services. ➢ Recommend and acquire equipment replacements and upgrades; ➢ Maintain an inventory of all devices. (i.e. Computers, Laptops, Monitors, phones etc..) ➢ Draft and maintain documentation for new changes implemented. ➢ Perform routine audits of systems and software to avoid misuse of internet. ➢ Troubleshoot any reported problems. ➢ Every day fill up the daily completed and pending task report and sent to System Administrator / Sr. System Administrator. ➢ Complete and record day to day activity given by department. ➢ Attend the department meeting which held on 4th Thursday every months.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Angad-Waghmare/42aa9e8655a5f7a3?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   ➢ Configure and manage and Troubleshooting of Design software i.e. AutoCAD, Pro-E, Solid works, Catia, corel draw, AutoCAD LT..Etc.  ➢ EDUCATIONAL QULIFICATION:  Desktop support egg. At Infosys Pune  Gayatri Infotech Pvt. Ltd -  Pune, Maharashtra -  July 2011 to January 2012  The company is working as Authorized Service Providers for leading computer manufacturers brand ACER. The company Provides hardware and network support to various clients from Banking and software Industry.  SKILLS  active directory (Less than 1 year), DHCP (Less than 1 year), DNS. (Less than 1 year), Hardware troubleshooting. (Less than 1 year), Windows Server 2008 (1 year)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  ♦ operating Systems MICROSOFT: Windows server 2008 • Build Windows Active Directory. DNS. • DHCP Management. • Diagnosed and corrected medium problems in current network • User Management and Management of Permissions according to requirement • File System Management. • Advanced Hardware/Software Installation, configuration and Management. • Hardware troubleshooting MICROSOFT: Windows XP, Window7, Window8 and Window10 • Advanced Hardware/Software Installation, configuration and Management. • File System Management. • Hardware troubleshooting..  PROFFESIONAL CERTIFICATION: • Microsoft Certified Windows server 2008 in active directory.
[126, 132] Madhuri Sripathi Banglore, Karnataka, Karnataka - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Madhuri- Sripathi/04a52a262175111c  Around 4 years of IT experience in analysis, testing and scripting on L2/L3 layer protocols and desiging testcases and automating the same in TCL/TK and Python.  • Expertise in Networking Protocols L2, L3 protocols, Manual, Performance, Platform, Regression and Automation Testing. • Experience in python scripting and PYATS framework. • Coordinating with onsite/offsite teams in resolving the defects found in Testing and working on queries raised by customers.. • Reviewing the automated scripts. • Exposure to Networking Protocols such as DHCP, OSPF, RIP, VLAN, STP/RSTP, LACP, TCP/IP, IPv4, Ipv6, Ethernet. • Automation in Python. • Excellent ability to plan, organize and prioritize my work to meet on time the deadlines of my clients and keep customer's satisfaction at the highest level possible. • Proven ability in quick understanding and learning of new technologies and their application in business solutions • Good debugging and problem solving skills with excellent understanding of system development methodologies, techniques and tools. • Highly motivated team member with strong communication, analytical and organizational skills. • Strong communication, interpersonal and analytical skills with proficiency at grasping new concepts quickly and utilizing the same in a productive manner. • Willingness and ability to quickly adapt to new environment. • Good positive attitude and ability to learn new things independently.  • Worked as Senior project engineer in Wipro Technologies, from Jan2014 to till date.  Languages: C Network Analysis Tools: QDDTS, GNS3, IXIA, SPIRENT, PAGENT Routing protocols VLAN, ETHECHANNELSTP, RSTP, RIP, EIGRP, OSPF, BGP, MPLS, L2VPN, L3VPN, IPSEC and MULTICAST. Scripting Language Perl, Tcl/TK, Python Traffic Generators IXIA, PAGENT, SPIRENT Management Protocols Telnet, SNMP  Willing to relocate to: UAE - Dubai - abu-dabhi  WORK EXPERIENCE  Senior project engineer  Cisco -  Bengaluru, Karnataka -  March 2014 to Present  https://www.indeed.com/r/Madhuri-Sripathi/04a52a262175111c?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN https://www.indeed.com/r/Madhuri-Sripathi/04a52a262175111c?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   Cisco 7600 is a router which supports both layer2 and layer3 protocols. It mainly deploys protocols like MPLS and having specific modules to support the protocols IPSEC. Worked as system testing, performance testing, stress testing and regression testing for all the IOS release on all layer 2 and layer 3 protocols.  Wipro Technologies Limited (Bangalore, Karnataka) Senior project engineer (March 2014 till date)  Senior software engineer  Wipro -  February 2014 to Present  Responsibilities: • Responsible for regression and Manual testing of CISCO IOS -7600 • Test case execution, test case results tracking, debugging, logging defects in CDETS, reproductions and fix verification. • Configuration and Testing on Routing protocols OSPF, BGP, OSPF, MPLS, L3VPN, L2VPN, IPSEC, QOS, SNMP and MULTICAST features on Cisco 7600 Routers. • Filed critical bugs of high severity, through root cause analysis and effective testing methods Bug verification, Bug tracking, and documentation and review bug fixes. • Engaged in regression testing, filing bugs against Cisco IOS images to improve the quality of the images and send weekly test reports. • Mentoring of new joiners in the team and conducting technical training sessions. • Responsibility for the 7600 platform customer queries (AT&T, Bharati, Vodafone, German IT, etc ) • Involved in Sev1, Sev2 and sev3 cases and MW related to L2/L3 Features. • Create a Local Repro of the issue which was raised by the customer. • Analyzed the customer issues and will provide the solutions to the customers • Worked with Developer to verify the DDTs fix for the customer Found Defects • System Testing on every New IOS build for the L2/L3 protocols. • Configuration and Testing on routing protocols • Working on Functionality, Scalability and Performance testing • Preparing of Test beds and topologies using Line cards - SIP200, SIP400, SIP600, ES+, ES20, GIG and TenGig Lancards, pagent, IXIA Traffic generators etc. to create customer setup in local Labs • Knowledge on TCL scripting and automated customer found issues into regression testing and also able to troubleshoot the script issues.  EDUCATION  Master degree in computer science in computer science  PES college  S.S.C in computer science  Rajah college    SKILLS  LINUX (4 years), UNIX (4 years), ospf (4 years), bgp (4 years), mpls (4 years), ipsec (4 years), multicast (4 years), l2vpn (4 years), l3vpn (4 years), tcl (4 years), python (2 years)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Operating Systems: LINUX, UNIX Other protocols ARP, RARP, ICMP,ospf,bgp,mpls,l2vpn,l3vpn Automaton tools: tcl,python
[1155, 1199] Afreen Jamadar Active member of IIIT Committee in Third year  Sangli, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Afreen-Jamadar/8baf379b705e37c6  I wish to use my knowledge, skills and conceptual understanding to create excellent team environments and work consistently achieving organization objectives believes in taking initiative and work to excellence in my work.  WORK EXPERIENCE  Active member of IIIT Committee in Third year  Cisco Networking -  Kanpur, Uttar Pradesh  organized by Techkriti IIT Kanpur and Azure Skynet. PERSONALLITY TRAITS: • Quick learning ability • hard working  EDUCATION  PG-DAC  CDAC ACTS  2017  Bachelor of Engg in Information Technology  Shivaji University Kolhapur -  Kolhapur, Maharashtra  2016  SKILLS  Database (Less than 1 year), HTML (Less than 1 year), Linux. (Less than 1 year), MICROSOFT ACCESS (Less than 1 year), MICROSOFT WINDOWS (Less than 1 year)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  TECHNICAL SKILLS:  • Programming Languages: C, C++, Java, .net, php. • Web Designing: HTML, XML • Operating Systems: Windows […] Windows Server 2003, Linux. • Database: MS Access, MS SQL Server 2008, Oracle 10g, MySql.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Afreen-Jamadar/8baf379b705e37c6?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN
[283, 327] Krishna Prasad Patna, Bihar - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Krishna-Prasad/b8d7a1135a44a37a  Willing to relocate to: Patna, Bihar - Danapur, Bihar  WORK EXPERIENCE  Data Entry Operator  Microsoft  EDUCATION  BSc in Computer Science  Magadh university -  Patna, Bihar  https://www.indeed.com/r/Krishna-Prasad/b8d7a1135a44a37a?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN
[19383, 19402] Girish Acharya Technical Architect & Sr. Software Engineer  Pune, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Girish-Acharya/6757f94ee9f4ec23  I would like to describe myself as a hard-core software engineer and technical architect passionate for technology and someone who loves to take challenges head-on. I have been using combined engineering principles wherein I was responsible for designing, developing, testing, deploying and monitoring highly scalable distributed applications and services.   While I have always been working using Microsoft technologies, I got chance to work for Microsoft in as a full-time employee last year. My focus as part of this role was as a Dev Ops/Site Reliability Engineer. The main requirement of this role was to keep-lights-on in all data centers for Windows Developer Center. While Service Engineering aspect was the main requirement, I used my technical architect and software tools for inside-out and outside-in monitoring and telemetry.   As a technical architect, I have worked in Accenture for about 7+ years. My role @ Microsoft account was to demonstrate technical leadership, design technical architecture, propose and introduce standard design and architectural patterns and practices, incorporate new requirements and feedbacks from client and execute multiple quick prototypes. As part of this role – I architected Microsoft IT’s (MSIT) biggest Platform As A Service (PaaS) solution back in the days.  I have executed multiple client facing projects wherein I was responsible for designing, architecting the compute, storage, application and deployment architecture. I have experience in designing and architecting systems for Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery (BCP/ DR strategies). I have designed and architected solutions for “Testing in production”. I have experience in designing and architecting for extremely high scale (~ 3 billion requests/day). I have designed and implemented auto healing, smooth traffic routing and eventual consistency in multiple client facing projects.   I am in the Information Technology industry since 2001 working for various software organizations in India for 4 years till I joined Accenture in 2006. I came to USA in 2010 and was working as consultant for Microsoft. I joined Microsoft in May 2015 as a full-time employee. I earned my Electronics Engineering degree in year 2000, Diploma in Advance Computing degree in year 2001 and completed Microsoft Certified Professional Developer and Enterprise Architect certification (MCPDEA) in year 2007. I am also Microsoft Azure Certified Developer and Architect.   I am frequent community contributor. I blog at http://girishthegeek.wordpress.com/   I have worked and published an asset called Framework for Ops Team considering Windows Azure and it was very well received by the clients and appreciated by the managers.  I wrote a white paper related to AppFabric Service Bus which got published in MSDN.  Willing to relocate: Anywhere  https://www.indeed.com/r/Girish-Acharya/6757f94ee9f4ec23?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   WORK EXPERIENCE  Technical Architect  Accenture Services -  Pune, Maharashtra  Software Engineer 2  Microsoft -  Redmond -  June 2016 to February 2017  Engagement and monetization (Microsoft – Universal Store/Windows Developer Center) June 2016– Recently   〓 Technologies used: Microsoft Azure, C#, SQL, PowerShell, App Insights, Azure Data Factory, Redis Cache, API Management Gateway, Azure App Services, Akamai, Azure CDNs, Azure Traffic Manager, Automated Unit Testing, Web Testing, Coded Unit Tests, Performance Testing etc. Tools – SpecFlow, JMeter, Junit, NUNit, MoQ, Fluent Assertions, VSTS, GIT, Microsoft Test Manager, Continuous Integration and deployment, maintaining build definitions   〓 Roles Played:  o Technical architect  o Designing and architecting for compute, storage, application, security and deployment architecture  o Designing and architecting for Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery (BCP DR) o Designing and architecting for the Testing In Production (TIP) o Designing and architecting for auto healing and auto scaling pattern  o Designing and developing for monitoring  〓 Design and develop inside out and outside in monitoring and logging  〓 Design and develop synthetic web tests 〓 Design and develop watchdogs  o Design and develop the global traffic management using Akamai  o Keeping lights on for the services in all data centers  o Firefighting drills and actual firefighting  o Live site issue tracking, management, coordination and resolving  o Capacity monitoring and management  o Code reviews  o Implemented the security architecture  EDUCATION  Bachelor of Engineering in Microsoft  C-DAC    SKILLS  Azure (8 years), Asp.Net (8 years), C# (9 years), Web API (6 years), Sql (6 years), Technical Architect (5 years), Automation Testing (5 years)  LINKS  http://girishthegeek.wordpress.com/  https://www.linkedin.com/in/girishazure  CERTIFICATIONS/LICENSES  Microsoft Certified Professional Developer  Microsoft Certified Professional Developer  Microsoft Certified Enterprise Architect  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Technical Expertise  *Technical Architecture, Microsoft Azure Platform, Microsoft .NET Platform, C#, ASP.NET*  * Designing/Architecting/Building/Testing/Deploying apps/APIs using Windows Azure, SQL Azure, Azure Storage, REST/WCF, AppFabric Cache, Service Bus, Topic and Subscription, Access Control Services from last 7 years. * Azure Application Architecture: Web Role, Worker Role, VM Role, admin mode, start-up tasks integrating with on premise services using App Fabric Service Bus * Azure Security Architecture: Web Role security using SSL, WCF Security using certificates, Data Encryption using certificates, Authentication using ADFS/STS, Single sign on using ACS. Participated in ACE reviews, and provisioned related documentation/code * Azure Operations Architecture: Logging and monitoring using Windows Azure Diagnostics, integration with AVICode, SCOM, disaster recovering and business continuity planning and implementation, automated builds and deployments. * Azure Data Architecture: Understands SQL Azure, Windows Azure Storage (Tables, Blobs, Queues), Document DB, SQL Azure Data Sync, SQL Azure Federation etc. * Deployment Architecture: Continuous integration and deployment. Auto Build, Deployment using Service Management APIs and PowerShell cmdlets * Akamai - design and implement traffic management, caching using Akamai * Azure traffic manager, CDNs, Azure Data Factory, Auto Scaling * Deployment automation and synthetic monitoring using application insights * Developing end to end APIs and applications using ASP.NET Web Forms, ASP.NET MVC, Web API * Performance Testing: Performance, scalability testing using Visual Studio * Automated Testing: Automated Unit Testing, Web Testing, Coded Unit Tests, Performance Testing etc. Tools - SpecFlow, Jmeter, Junit, NUNit, MoQ, Fluent Assertions, VSTS, GIT * Big Data: Architected and developed a big solution using Windows Azure HD Insight, Hive queries  http://girishthegeek.wordpress.com/ https://www.linkedin.com/in/girishazure   Projects Undertaken Engagement and monetization (Microsoft - Universal Store/Windows Developer Center) June 2016- Recently  * Technologies used: Microsoft Azure, C#, SQL, PowerShell, App Insights, Azure Data Factory, Redis Cache, API Management Gateway, Azure App Services, Akamai, Azure CDNs, Azure Traffic Manager, Automated Unit Testing, Web Testing, Coded Unit Tests, Performance Testing etc. Tools - SpecFlow, JMeter, Junit, NUNit, MoQ, Fluent Assertions, VSTS, GIT, Microsoft Test Manager, Continuous Integration and deployment, maintaining build definitions  * Roles Played:  ◦ Technical architect ◦ Designing and architecting for compute, storage, application, security and deployment architecture ◦ Designing and architecting for Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery (BCP DR) ◦ Designing and architecting for the Testing In Production (TIP) ◦ Designing and architecting for auto healing and auto scaling pattern ◦ Designing and developing for monitoring * Design and develop inside out and outside in monitoring and logging * Design and develop synthetic web tests * Design and develop watchdogs ◦ Design and develop the global traffic management using Akamai ◦ Keeping lights on for the services in all data centers ◦ Firefighting drills and actual firefighting ◦ Live site issue tracking, management, coordination and resolving ◦ Capacity monitoring and management ◦ Code reviews ◦ Implemented the security architecture  Channel inclusion Services - (CIS) Client: Microsoft Corporation / Group: Devices and Studios (formerly known as IEB) Sep 2012- June 2015  Synopsis:  CIS is bunch of REST, SOAP services exposed to around 250+ partners dealing with end-to-end retail workflow for around 2 million transactions/day. Microsoft uses these services to distribute the digital goods (Windows, Office and so on.) . It also takes care of the brick and mortar scenario where in customers walk into the shop to buy Microsoft products &lt;&gt; * Technologies used: ◦ Windows Azure - Web Roles, Worker Roles, ASP.NET Web API, ASP.NET MVC and Web Forms, WCF, Service Bus, Azure Storage ◦ SQL Azure, HD Insight, Azure Scheduler ◦ Entity Framework ◦ MOQ, SpecFlow, NUNit, JMeter, RhinoMock * Roles Played:    ◦ Automated unit, performance, integration testing, synthetic testing, data testing, monitoring and improving code coverage, building test case and bugs /defects reports ◦ Continuous Integration and deployment, maintaining build definitions ◦ Designing and architecting service/api specifications and contracts ◦ Designing and architecting for high scale ◦ Designing and architecting for compute, storage, application, security and deployment architecture ◦ Designing and architecting for Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery (BCP DR) ◦ Implementing (developing, testing and monitoring) highly scalable, distributed services ◦ Senior developer consultant responsible to work independently with the clients in designing contracts, defining user stories, implementing them ◦ Write, execute the BVTs, Unit tests and functional tests, monitoring and improving code coverage ◦ Building test plans, test strategy ◦ Code reviews Involved in Application, Security, Operations and Data architecture  Microsoft Store - Commerce Broker Services (CBS) Client: Microsoft Corporation / Group: Devices and Studios (formerly known as IEB) Nov 2011 - Till Sep 2012  Synopsis:  CBS is Service Oriented middle tier component which is responsible for communicating with Microsoft Store front end web site and down-stream systems (SAP, Fulfillment, Payment Gateway etc.) &lt;&gt; * Technologies used: ◦ Windows Azure Queues, Service Bus Topics and subscriptions ◦ WCF ◦ WCF Workflow Services ◦ Entity Framework ◦ MOQ, SpecFlow, NUNit, JMeter * Roles Played:  ◦ Building test plans, test cases, bugs reports, test strategy ◦ Continuous Integration and deployment, maintaining build definitions ◦ Automated unit, performance, integration testing, synthetic testing, data testing ◦ Senior consultant responsible to work independently with the clients in designing contracts, defining user stories, implementing them ◦ Write, execute the BVTs, Unit tests and functional tests ◦ Code reviews ◦ Involved in Application, Security, Operations and Data architecture  BCWeb Wrap Migration to Windows Azure Client: Microsoft Corporation / Group: VLIT Jan 2011 - Oct 2011  Case Study Featured on TechNet    Synopsis:  BCWeb is a Windows Azure ASP.NET Web Role application; authenticated against STS using Federation services that provide a set of Web forms that help capture price exception details, information on business case for doing discounts on price lists, and helps calculate percentage of discount. It uses the ASP.NET connector and custom Web services to pull real-time price information from SAP, and provides sales executives with a light front-end to SAP. BCWeb helps simulate pricing discounts, manage business rules, customize routing and approval workflows, and update the LOB data stored in SAP. One of the major goals of this system is to improve field productivity by simplifying the process and removing training requirements for complex back-end systems, in this case SAP. BCWeb integrates different promotion types into a simplified Web-application. It also allows users to specify business rules using Excel 2007 files and to get notifications in Outlook 2007. Additional goals of this system include: • Reduce revenue leakage by having a business case documented for each promotion field. • Obtain visibility decisions and understand who required a discount and why. • Understand promotion effectiveness and ensure the field is making informed decisions. • Provide a configurable set of files to easily change empowerment guidelines by having a single master data of workflow routing and approvals. • Specific business process in price-execution domain, however, pattern addresses larger solutions space. * Roles Played:  ◦ Responsible for technical architecture ◦ Involved in Application, Security, Operations and Data architecture ◦ Work Estimation and migration assessment ◦ Key Contributor as Windows Azure Developer, Analyst  Origin Digital Cloud Coder Client: Origin Digital Jan 2010 - May 2010  Featured on MSDN  Synopsis:  Origin Digital, a video application service provider that aggregates, transcodes, manages and distributes the digital media files. As part of the business need, they wanted to increase transcoding throughput without increasing capital expense.  As part of the solutioning, the onshore technical architect along with IDC development team put together an approach that allowed - Process intensive digital video transcoding service to-run-on Azure Platform leveraging cloud's real-time scalability and compute capacity. Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS) offering. - Secure all business sensitive information by using On-premise data storage through Azure - An administration module to support Platform as a Service (PaaS) was developed.  The team completed the whole migration activity in 6 weeks using Agile methodology and managed to showcase it successfully in Microsoft PDC 2009 at Los Angeles. The solution resulted in reducing the compute costs by half.    * Technologies used: ASP.Net 3.5, SQL Azure, Windows Azure, Azure Blob/Table Storage, WCF etc.  * Roles Played:  ◦ Over all Application and Data architecture ◦ Designing Auto Scaling Engine (Rules Based) ◦ Leading a team to do daily integration test on cloud ◦ Designing classes/database/user interface. ◦ Coordinating deployment procedure on cloud.  Claims FNOL Client: StateFarm  May 2009 - Aug 2009  Synopsis:  FNOL (First Notice of Loss) is the front end for Insurance Company employees to log the insurance claims. It implements AICS framework which is exposed for other companies to use on Azure as SaaS/multi-tenant (Software-as-service) service.  * Technologies used: ASP.Net 3.5, SQL Azure, Windows Azure, Azure Blob/Table Storage, WCF etc.  * Roles Played:  ◦ Overall Application Architect ◦ Security and database architect  Postal Return Solutions Client: USPS Oct 2009 - Nov 2009  Vision - Electronic Recycling Return Solution to companies which would like to offer a recycling capability on their web sites (like- HP, Dell etc.) - Merchandise Return Solutions for large e-Commerce customers (like- Landsend, Amazon etc) - Parcel Return Solutions to its business partners (like-UPS, FedEx etc.), who would like to leverage USPS provided return solutions.  Approach - Using Silverlight, create rich web-based user interface for calling Electronic Merchandise Return Service Web Tools. - UI should facilitate printing and emailing EMR Labels.  Scope - Create shipping return labels using USPS's 'Electronic Merchandise Return Solution' for key partners (like Dell, WM) that participate in product recycling programs. It involves utilizing USPS public APIs; expand functionality of existing application to create this shipping capability on Windows Azure Platform.    * Technologies used: Silverlight, SQL Azure, Windows Azure, Azure Blob/Table Storage, WCF etc.  * Roles Played:  ◦ Delivery Lead ◦ Overall Application Architect  What's new @ (SaaS, Multi-Tenant mobile application) Client: Starbucks, Coca Cola  Vision - Content Admin (Publisher) prepares and distributes the content to the employees of the organization. - Employees by using the mobile based application forward the content on social networking sites like Twitter, Facebook etc. - Once the users within the network of the employees view/share the content forward, using analytics capture the view/share count. - Branding done using dynamically loading CSSs.  Approach - Using ASP.Net 3.5, create rich web-based user interface for mobile application. - Using ASP.Net 3.5, create rich web-based user interface for publishers. - Use Google, Facebook, BitLy and Twitter analytics to capture the view/share counts.  * Technologies used: ASP.Net 3.5, SQL Azure, Windows Azure, Azure Blob/Table Storage, WCF, Google Analytics, Facebook APIs, Twitter APIS etc.  * Roles Played:  ◦ Delivery Lead ◦ Offshore Technical Architect  GCP Tracker Client: Accenture Internal June2008-Dec 2008  Synopsis:  GCP (Global career program) is a workflow based tool intended to track employees going on onsite assignment for more than 6 months. The GCP process starts when DU Lead nominates an employee for onsite assignment and ends when employee comes back to home location. It caters to all GCP processes involved at home country as well as processes involved at Host country.  * Technologies used: ASP.Net 2.0, SQL 2005, Windows Workflow Foundation * Roles Played: ◦ Offshore Technical Architect, Dev Lead ◦ Designing solution with the help of Senior Architects. ◦ Designing integration interface ◦ Was responsible for drawing/ implementing complex workflow using WF. ◦ Leading a team responsible for implementing Change Requests. ◦ Coordinating deployment procedures.    Abacus DSM Client: Accenture Internal June2006-June 2008  Synopsis: Abacus Demand Supply Management was developed for Accenture HR/Scheduling/Sales teams by CIO (Chief Information Office)  * Technologies used: ASP.Net, SQL 2005  * Roles Played: ◦ Technical Architect, Dev Lead ◦ Leading a team responsible for implementing Change Requests. ◦ Talking/calling/interviewing clients to gather requirements. Documenting it. Getting sign-off on it. ◦ Coordinating Internal, User Acceptance, Integration and Performance Testing. ◦ Leading Production Support team. ◦ Build Manager.  CFE Client: Bombay Stock Exchange October 2005 - June 2006  Synopsis:  CFE system (Common Front End System) is a trading platform for member (and traders of members) of BSE to trade in Multi exchange, Multi segments for trader authentication developed by CMC Ltd. It is designed to facilitate Members with centralized access rights management (has inbuilt Risk Management Server) and enable member to have a centralized Client-level Risk Management at the Broker Office, wherein the risk for a client will be checked across all traders associated with the broker for trading carried out in all segments and on any of the exchanges, centrally at one location.  * Technologies used: Windows Forms (using C#), MS SQL * Roles Played: Dev Lead, Technical Architect, Requirements gathering and analysis, Design, CMM-i documentation, writing BRS, FSD, and Program Specs etc.  Bond Clinician Client: Bond Technologies November 2004 - October 2005  Synopsis:  Clinician is a complete healthcare solution for any clinic and hospital. It has got interface both for Patients and doctors/physician. It has the capability of generating all sorts of lab reports etc and has a full-fledged Document Management System wherein clinics can maintain and scan all documents and reports in the scanned format. It also uses the third-party interface for Health Insurance.  * Technologies used: ASP.Net web forms (using VB.Net), MS SQL, MSMQ * Roles Played: Developer, Database Design, Implementation and Testing
[18315, 18334] Girish Acharya Technical Architect & Sr. Software Engineer  Pune, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Girish-Acharya/6757f94ee9f4ec23  I would like to describe myself as a hard-core software engineer and technical architect passionate for technology and someone who loves to take challenges head-on. I have been using combined engineering principles wherein I was responsible for designing, developing, testing, deploying and monitoring highly scalable distributed applications and services.   While I have always been working using Microsoft technologies, I got chance to work for Microsoft in as a full-time employee last year. My focus as part of this role was as a Dev Ops/Site Reliability Engineer. The main requirement of this role was to keep-lights-on in all data centers for Windows Developer Center. While Service Engineering aspect was the main requirement, I used my technical architect and software tools for inside-out and outside-in monitoring and telemetry.   As a technical architect, I have worked in Accenture for about 7+ years. My role @ Microsoft account was to demonstrate technical leadership, design technical architecture, propose and introduce standard design and architectural patterns and practices, incorporate new requirements and feedbacks from client and execute multiple quick prototypes. As part of this role – I architected Microsoft IT’s (MSIT) biggest Platform As A Service (PaaS) solution back in the days.  I have executed multiple client facing projects wherein I was responsible for designing, architecting the compute, storage, application and deployment architecture. I have experience in designing and architecting systems for Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery (BCP/ DR strategies). I have designed and architected solutions for “Testing in production”. I have experience in designing and architecting for extremely high scale (~ 3 billion requests/day). I have designed and implemented auto healing, smooth traffic routing and eventual consistency in multiple client facing projects.   I am in the Information Technology industry since 2001 working for various software organizations in India for 4 years till I joined Accenture in 2006. I came to USA in 2010 and was working as consultant for Microsoft. I joined Microsoft in May 2015 as a full-time employee. I earned my Electronics Engineering degree in year 2000, Diploma in Advance Computing degree in year 2001 and completed Microsoft Certified Professional Developer and Enterprise Architect certification (MCPDEA) in year 2007. I am also Microsoft Azure Certified Developer and Architect.   I am frequent community contributor. I blog at http://girishthegeek.wordpress.com/   I have worked and published an asset called Framework for Ops Team considering Windows Azure and it was very well received by the clients and appreciated by the managers.  I wrote a white paper related to AppFabric Service Bus which got published in MSDN.  Willing to relocate: Anywhere  https://www.indeed.com/r/Girish-Acharya/6757f94ee9f4ec23?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   WORK EXPERIENCE  Technical Architect  Accenture Services -  Pune, Maharashtra  Software Engineer 2  Microsoft -  Redmond -  June 2016 to February 2017  Engagement and monetization (Microsoft – Universal Store/Windows Developer Center) June 2016– Recently   〓 Technologies used: Microsoft Azure, C#, SQL, PowerShell, App Insights, Azure Data Factory, Redis Cache, API Management Gateway, Azure App Services, Akamai, Azure CDNs, Azure Traffic Manager, Automated Unit Testing, Web Testing, Coded Unit Tests, Performance Testing etc. Tools – SpecFlow, JMeter, Junit, NUNit, MoQ, Fluent Assertions, VSTS, GIT, Microsoft Test Manager, Continuous Integration and deployment, maintaining build definitions   〓 Roles Played:  o Technical architect  o Designing and architecting for compute, storage, application, security and deployment architecture  o Designing and architecting for Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery (BCP DR) o Designing and architecting for the Testing In Production (TIP) o Designing and architecting for auto healing and auto scaling pattern  o Designing and developing for monitoring  〓 Design and develop inside out and outside in monitoring and logging  〓 Design and develop synthetic web tests 〓 Design and develop watchdogs  o Design and develop the global traffic management using Akamai  o Keeping lights on for the services in all data centers  o Firefighting drills and actual firefighting  o Live site issue tracking, management, coordination and resolving  o Capacity monitoring and management  o Code reviews  o Implemented the security architecture  EDUCATION  Bachelor of Engineering in Microsoft  C-DAC    SKILLS  Azure (8 years), Asp.Net (8 years), C# (9 years), Web API (6 years), Sql (6 years), Technical Architect (5 years), Automation Testing (5 years)  LINKS  http://girishthegeek.wordpress.com/  https://www.linkedin.com/in/girishazure  CERTIFICATIONS/LICENSES  Microsoft Certified Professional Developer  Microsoft Certified Professional Developer  Microsoft Certified Enterprise Architect  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Technical Expertise  *Technical Architecture, Microsoft Azure Platform, Microsoft .NET Platform, C#, ASP.NET*  * Designing/Architecting/Building/Testing/Deploying apps/APIs using Windows Azure, SQL Azure, Azure Storage, REST/WCF, AppFabric Cache, Service Bus, Topic and Subscription, Access Control Services from last 7 years. * Azure Application Architecture: Web Role, Worker Role, VM Role, admin mode, start-up tasks integrating with on premise services using App Fabric Service Bus * Azure Security Architecture: Web Role security using SSL, WCF Security using certificates, Data Encryption using certificates, Authentication using ADFS/STS, Single sign on using ACS. Participated in ACE reviews, and provisioned related documentation/code * Azure Operations Architecture: Logging and monitoring using Windows Azure Diagnostics, integration with AVICode, SCOM, disaster recovering and business continuity planning and implementation, automated builds and deployments. * Azure Data Architecture: Understands SQL Azure, Windows Azure Storage (Tables, Blobs, Queues), Document DB, SQL Azure Data Sync, SQL Azure Federation etc. * Deployment Architecture: Continuous integration and deployment. Auto Build, Deployment using Service Management APIs and PowerShell cmdlets * Akamai - design and implement traffic management, caching using Akamai * Azure traffic manager, CDNs, Azure Data Factory, Auto Scaling * Deployment automation and synthetic monitoring using application insights * Developing end to end APIs and applications using ASP.NET Web Forms, ASP.NET MVC, Web API * Performance Testing: Performance, scalability testing using Visual Studio * Automated Testing: Automated Unit Testing, Web Testing, Coded Unit Tests, Performance Testing etc. Tools - SpecFlow, Jmeter, Junit, NUNit, MoQ, Fluent Assertions, VSTS, GIT * Big Data: Architected and developed a big solution using Windows Azure HD Insight, Hive queries  http://girishthegeek.wordpress.com/ https://www.linkedin.com/in/girishazure   Projects Undertaken Engagement and monetization (Microsoft - Universal Store/Windows Developer Center) June 2016- Recently  * Technologies used: Microsoft Azure, C#, SQL, PowerShell, App Insights, Azure Data Factory, Redis Cache, API Management Gateway, Azure App Services, Akamai, Azure CDNs, Azure Traffic Manager, Automated Unit Testing, Web Testing, Coded Unit Tests, Performance Testing etc. Tools - SpecFlow, JMeter, Junit, NUNit, MoQ, Fluent Assertions, VSTS, GIT, Microsoft Test Manager, Continuous Integration and deployment, maintaining build definitions  * Roles Played:  ◦ Technical architect ◦ Designing and architecting for compute, storage, application, security and deployment architecture ◦ Designing and architecting for Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery (BCP DR) ◦ Designing and architecting for the Testing In Production (TIP) ◦ Designing and architecting for auto healing and auto scaling pattern ◦ Designing and developing for monitoring * Design and develop inside out and outside in monitoring and logging * Design and develop synthetic web tests * Design and develop watchdogs ◦ Design and develop the global traffic management using Akamai ◦ Keeping lights on for the services in all data centers ◦ Firefighting drills and actual firefighting ◦ Live site issue tracking, management, coordination and resolving ◦ Capacity monitoring and management ◦ Code reviews ◦ Implemented the security architecture  Channel inclusion Services - (CIS) Client: Microsoft Corporation / Group: Devices and Studios (formerly known as IEB) Sep 2012- June 2015  Synopsis:  CIS is bunch of REST, SOAP services exposed to around 250+ partners dealing with end-to-end retail workflow for around 2 million transactions/day. Microsoft uses these services to distribute the digital goods (Windows, Office and so on.) . It also takes care of the brick and mortar scenario where in customers walk into the shop to buy Microsoft products &lt;&gt; * Technologies used: ◦ Windows Azure - Web Roles, Worker Roles, ASP.NET Web API, ASP.NET MVC and Web Forms, WCF, Service Bus, Azure Storage ◦ SQL Azure, HD Insight, Azure Scheduler ◦ Entity Framework ◦ MOQ, SpecFlow, NUNit, JMeter, RhinoMock * Roles Played:    ◦ Automated unit, performance, integration testing, synthetic testing, data testing, monitoring and improving code coverage, building test case and bugs /defects reports ◦ Continuous Integration and deployment, maintaining build definitions ◦ Designing and architecting service/api specifications and contracts ◦ Designing and architecting for high scale ◦ Designing and architecting for compute, storage, application, security and deployment architecture ◦ Designing and architecting for Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery (BCP DR) ◦ Implementing (developing, testing and monitoring) highly scalable, distributed services ◦ Senior developer consultant responsible to work independently with the clients in designing contracts, defining user stories, implementing them ◦ Write, execute the BVTs, Unit tests and functional tests, monitoring and improving code coverage ◦ Building test plans, test strategy ◦ Code reviews Involved in Application, Security, Operations and Data architecture  Microsoft Store - Commerce Broker Services (CBS) Client: Microsoft Corporation / Group: Devices and Studios (formerly known as IEB) Nov 2011 - Till Sep 2012  Synopsis:  CBS is Service Oriented middle tier component which is responsible for communicating with Microsoft Store front end web site and down-stream systems (SAP, Fulfillment, Payment Gateway etc.) &lt;&gt; * Technologies used: ◦ Windows Azure Queues, Service Bus Topics and subscriptions ◦ WCF ◦ WCF Workflow Services ◦ Entity Framework ◦ MOQ, SpecFlow, NUNit, JMeter * Roles Played:  ◦ Building test plans, test cases, bugs reports, test strategy ◦ Continuous Integration and deployment, maintaining build definitions ◦ Automated unit, performance, integration testing, synthetic testing, data testing ◦ Senior consultant responsible to work independently with the clients in designing contracts, defining user stories, implementing them ◦ Write, execute the BVTs, Unit tests and functional tests ◦ Code reviews ◦ Involved in Application, Security, Operations and Data architecture  BCWeb Wrap Migration to Windows Azure Client: Microsoft Corporation / Group: VLIT Jan 2011 - Oct 2011  Case Study Featured on TechNet    Synopsis:  BCWeb is a Windows Azure ASP.NET Web Role application; authenticated against STS using Federation services that provide a set of Web forms that help capture price exception details, information on business case for doing discounts on price lists, and helps calculate percentage of discount. It uses the ASP.NET connector and custom Web services to pull real-time price information from SAP, and provides sales executives with a light front-end to SAP. BCWeb helps simulate pricing discounts, manage business rules, customize routing and approval workflows, and update the LOB data stored in SAP. One of the major goals of this system is to improve field productivity by simplifying the process and removing training requirements for complex back-end systems, in this case SAP. BCWeb integrates different promotion types into a simplified Web-application. It also allows users to specify business rules using Excel 2007 files and to get notifications in Outlook 2007. Additional goals of this system include: • Reduce revenue leakage by having a business case documented for each promotion field. • Obtain visibility decisions and understand who required a discount and why. • Understand promotion effectiveness and ensure the field is making informed decisions. • Provide a configurable set of files to easily change empowerment guidelines by having a single master data of workflow routing and approvals. • Specific business process in price-execution domain, however, pattern addresses larger solutions space. * Roles Played:  ◦ Responsible for technical architecture ◦ Involved in Application, Security, Operations and Data architecture ◦ Work Estimation and migration assessment ◦ Key Contributor as Windows Azure Developer, Analyst  Origin Digital Cloud Coder Client: Origin Digital Jan 2010 - May 2010  Featured on MSDN  Synopsis:  Origin Digital, a video application service provider that aggregates, transcodes, manages and distributes the digital media files. As part of the business need, they wanted to increase transcoding throughput without increasing capital expense.  As part of the solutioning, the onshore technical architect along with IDC development team put together an approach that allowed - Process intensive digital video transcoding service to-run-on Azure Platform leveraging cloud's real-time scalability and compute capacity. Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS) offering. - Secure all business sensitive information by using On-premise data storage through Azure - An administration module to support Platform as a Service (PaaS) was developed.  The team completed the whole migration activity in 6 weeks using Agile methodology and managed to showcase it successfully in Microsoft PDC 2009 at Los Angeles. The solution resulted in reducing the compute costs by half.    * Technologies used: ASP.Net 3.5, SQL Azure, Windows Azure, Azure Blob/Table Storage, WCF etc.  * Roles Played:  ◦ Over all Application and Data architecture ◦ Designing Auto Scaling Engine (Rules Based) ◦ Leading a team to do daily integration test on cloud ◦ Designing classes/database/user interface. ◦ Coordinating deployment procedure on cloud.  Claims FNOL Client: StateFarm  May 2009 - Aug 2009  Synopsis:  FNOL (First Notice of Loss) is the front end for Insurance Company employees to log the insurance claims. It implements AICS framework which is exposed for other companies to use on Azure as SaaS/multi-tenant (Software-as-service) service.  * Technologies used: ASP.Net 3.5, SQL Azure, Windows Azure, Azure Blob/Table Storage, WCF etc.  * Roles Played:  ◦ Overall Application Architect ◦ Security and database architect  Postal Return Solutions Client: USPS Oct 2009 - Nov 2009  Vision - Electronic Recycling Return Solution to companies which would like to offer a recycling capability on their web sites (like- HP, Dell etc.) - Merchandise Return Solutions for large e-Commerce customers (like- Landsend, Amazon etc) - Parcel Return Solutions to its business partners (like-UPS, FedEx etc.), who would like to leverage USPS provided return solutions.  Approach - Using Silverlight, create rich web-based user interface for calling Electronic Merchandise Return Service Web Tools. - UI should facilitate printing and emailing EMR Labels.  Scope - Create shipping return labels using USPS's 'Electronic Merchandise Return Solution' for key partners (like Dell, WM) that participate in product recycling programs. It involves utilizing USPS public APIs; expand functionality of existing application to create this shipping capability on Windows Azure Platform.    * Technologies used: Silverlight, SQL Azure, Windows Azure, Azure Blob/Table Storage, WCF etc.  * Roles Played:  ◦ Delivery Lead ◦ Overall Application Architect  What's new @ (SaaS, Multi-Tenant mobile application) Client: Starbucks, Coca Cola  Vision - Content Admin (Publisher) prepares and distributes the content to the employees of the organization. - Employees by using the mobile based application forward the content on social networking sites like Twitter, Facebook etc. - Once the users within the network of the employees view/share the content forward, using analytics capture the view/share count. - Branding done using dynamically loading CSSs.  Approach - Using ASP.Net 3.5, create rich web-based user interface for mobile application. - Using ASP.Net 3.5, create rich web-based user interface for publishers. - Use Google, Facebook, BitLy and Twitter analytics to capture the view/share counts.  * Technologies used: ASP.Net 3.5, SQL Azure, Windows Azure, Azure Blob/Table Storage, WCF, Google Analytics, Facebook APIs, Twitter APIS etc.  * Roles Played:  ◦ Delivery Lead ◦ Offshore Technical Architect  GCP Tracker Client: Accenture Internal June2008-Dec 2008  Synopsis:  GCP (Global career program) is a workflow based tool intended to track employees going on onsite assignment for more than 6 months. The GCP process starts when DU Lead nominates an employee for onsite assignment and ends when employee comes back to home location. It caters to all GCP processes involved at home country as well as processes involved at Host country.  * Technologies used: ASP.Net 2.0, SQL 2005, Windows Workflow Foundation * Roles Played: ◦ Offshore Technical Architect, Dev Lead ◦ Designing solution with the help of Senior Architects. ◦ Designing integration interface ◦ Was responsible for drawing/ implementing complex workflow using WF. ◦ Leading a team responsible for implementing Change Requests. ◦ Coordinating deployment procedures.    Abacus DSM Client: Accenture Internal June2006-June 2008  Synopsis: Abacus Demand Supply Management was developed for Accenture HR/Scheduling/Sales teams by CIO (Chief Information Office)  * Technologies used: ASP.Net, SQL 2005  * Roles Played: ◦ Technical Architect, Dev Lead ◦ Leading a team responsible for implementing Change Requests. ◦ Talking/calling/interviewing clients to gather requirements. Documenting it. Getting sign-off on it. ◦ Coordinating Internal, User Acceptance, Integration and Performance Testing. ◦ Leading Production Support team. ◦ Build Manager.  CFE Client: Bombay Stock Exchange October 2005 - June 2006  Synopsis:  CFE system (Common Front End System) is a trading platform for member (and traders of members) of BSE to trade in Multi exchange, Multi segments for trader authentication developed by CMC Ltd. It is designed to facilitate Members with centralized access rights management (has inbuilt Risk Management Server) and enable member to have a centralized Client-level Risk Management at the Broker Office, wherein the risk for a client will be checked across all traders associated with the broker for trading carried out in all segments and on any of the exchanges, centrally at one location.  * Technologies used: Windows Forms (using C#), MS SQL * Roles Played: Dev Lead, Technical Architect, Requirements gathering and analysis, Design, CMM-i documentation, writing BRS, FSD, and Program Specs etc.  Bond Clinician Client: Bond Technologies November 2004 - October 2005  Synopsis:  Clinician is a complete healthcare solution for any clinic and hospital. It has got interface both for Patients and doctors/physician. It has the capability of generating all sorts of lab reports etc and has a full-fledged Document Management System wherein clinics can maintain and scan all documents and reports in the scanned format. It also uses the third-party interface for Health Insurance.  * Technologies used: ASP.Net web forms (using VB.Net), MS SQL, MSMQ * Roles Played: Developer, Database Design, Implementation and Testing
[17773, 17791] Girish Acharya Technical Architect & Sr. Software Engineer  Pune, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Girish-Acharya/6757f94ee9f4ec23  I would like to describe myself as a hard-core software engineer and technical architect passionate for technology and someone who loves to take challenges head-on. I have been using combined engineering principles wherein I was responsible for designing, developing, testing, deploying and monitoring highly scalable distributed applications and services.   While I have always been working using Microsoft technologies, I got chance to work for Microsoft in as a full-time employee last year. My focus as part of this role was as a Dev Ops/Site Reliability Engineer. The main requirement of this role was to keep-lights-on in all data centers for Windows Developer Center. While Service Engineering aspect was the main requirement, I used my technical architect and software tools for inside-out and outside-in monitoring and telemetry.   As a technical architect, I have worked in Accenture for about 7+ years. My role @ Microsoft account was to demonstrate technical leadership, design technical architecture, propose and introduce standard design and architectural patterns and practices, incorporate new requirements and feedbacks from client and execute multiple quick prototypes. As part of this role – I architected Microsoft IT’s (MSIT) biggest Platform As A Service (PaaS) solution back in the days.  I have executed multiple client facing projects wherein I was responsible for designing, architecting the compute, storage, application and deployment architecture. I have experience in designing and architecting systems for Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery (BCP/ DR strategies). I have designed and architected solutions for “Testing in production”. I have experience in designing and architecting for extremely high scale (~ 3 billion requests/day). I have designed and implemented auto healing, smooth traffic routing and eventual consistency in multiple client facing projects.   I am in the Information Technology industry since 2001 working for various software organizations in India for 4 years till I joined Accenture in 2006. I came to USA in 2010 and was working as consultant for Microsoft. I joined Microsoft in May 2015 as a full-time employee. I earned my Electronics Engineering degree in year 2000, Diploma in Advance Computing degree in year 2001 and completed Microsoft Certified Professional Developer and Enterprise Architect certification (MCPDEA) in year 2007. I am also Microsoft Azure Certified Developer and Architect.   I am frequent community contributor. I blog at http://girishthegeek.wordpress.com/   I have worked and published an asset called Framework for Ops Team considering Windows Azure and it was very well received by the clients and appreciated by the managers.  I wrote a white paper related to AppFabric Service Bus which got published in MSDN.  Willing to relocate: Anywhere  https://www.indeed.com/r/Girish-Acharya/6757f94ee9f4ec23?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   WORK EXPERIENCE  Technical Architect  Accenture Services -  Pune, Maharashtra  Software Engineer 2  Microsoft -  Redmond -  June 2016 to February 2017  Engagement and monetization (Microsoft – Universal Store/Windows Developer Center) June 2016– Recently   〓 Technologies used: Microsoft Azure, C#, SQL, PowerShell, App Insights, Azure Data Factory, Redis Cache, API Management Gateway, Azure App Services, Akamai, Azure CDNs, Azure Traffic Manager, Automated Unit Testing, Web Testing, Coded Unit Tests, Performance Testing etc. Tools – SpecFlow, JMeter, Junit, NUNit, MoQ, Fluent Assertions, VSTS, GIT, Microsoft Test Manager, Continuous Integration and deployment, maintaining build definitions   〓 Roles Played:  o Technical architect  o Designing and architecting for compute, storage, application, security and deployment architecture  o Designing and architecting for Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery (BCP DR) o Designing and architecting for the Testing In Production (TIP) o Designing and architecting for auto healing and auto scaling pattern  o Designing and developing for monitoring  〓 Design and develop inside out and outside in monitoring and logging  〓 Design and develop synthetic web tests 〓 Design and develop watchdogs  o Design and develop the global traffic management using Akamai  o Keeping lights on for the services in all data centers  o Firefighting drills and actual firefighting  o Live site issue tracking, management, coordination and resolving  o Capacity monitoring and management  o Code reviews  o Implemented the security architecture  EDUCATION  Bachelor of Engineering in Microsoft  C-DAC    SKILLS  Azure (8 years), Asp.Net (8 years), C# (9 years), Web API (6 years), Sql (6 years), Technical Architect (5 years), Automation Testing (5 years)  LINKS  http://girishthegeek.wordpress.com/  https://www.linkedin.com/in/girishazure  CERTIFICATIONS/LICENSES  Microsoft Certified Professional Developer  Microsoft Certified Professional Developer  Microsoft Certified Enterprise Architect  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Technical Expertise  *Technical Architecture, Microsoft Azure Platform, Microsoft .NET Platform, C#, ASP.NET*  * Designing/Architecting/Building/Testing/Deploying apps/APIs using Windows Azure, SQL Azure, Azure Storage, REST/WCF, AppFabric Cache, Service Bus, Topic and Subscription, Access Control Services from last 7 years. * Azure Application Architecture: Web Role, Worker Role, VM Role, admin mode, start-up tasks integrating with on premise services using App Fabric Service Bus * Azure Security Architecture: Web Role security using SSL, WCF Security using certificates, Data Encryption using certificates, Authentication using ADFS/STS, Single sign on using ACS. Participated in ACE reviews, and provisioned related documentation/code * Azure Operations Architecture: Logging and monitoring using Windows Azure Diagnostics, integration with AVICode, SCOM, disaster recovering and business continuity planning and implementation, automated builds and deployments. * Azure Data Architecture: Understands SQL Azure, Windows Azure Storage (Tables, Blobs, Queues), Document DB, SQL Azure Data Sync, SQL Azure Federation etc. * Deployment Architecture: Continuous integration and deployment. Auto Build, Deployment using Service Management APIs and PowerShell cmdlets * Akamai - design and implement traffic management, caching using Akamai * Azure traffic manager, CDNs, Azure Data Factory, Auto Scaling * Deployment automation and synthetic monitoring using application insights * Developing end to end APIs and applications using ASP.NET Web Forms, ASP.NET MVC, Web API * Performance Testing: Performance, scalability testing using Visual Studio * Automated Testing: Automated Unit Testing, Web Testing, Coded Unit Tests, Performance Testing etc. Tools - SpecFlow, Jmeter, Junit, NUNit, MoQ, Fluent Assertions, VSTS, GIT * Big Data: Architected and developed a big solution using Windows Azure HD Insight, Hive queries  http://girishthegeek.wordpress.com/ https://www.linkedin.com/in/girishazure   Projects Undertaken Engagement and monetization (Microsoft - Universal Store/Windows Developer Center) June 2016- Recently  * Technologies used: Microsoft Azure, C#, SQL, PowerShell, App Insights, Azure Data Factory, Redis Cache, API Management Gateway, Azure App Services, Akamai, Azure CDNs, Azure Traffic Manager, Automated Unit Testing, Web Testing, Coded Unit Tests, Performance Testing etc. Tools - SpecFlow, JMeter, Junit, NUNit, MoQ, Fluent Assertions, VSTS, GIT, Microsoft Test Manager, Continuous Integration and deployment, maintaining build definitions  * Roles Played:  ◦ Technical architect ◦ Designing and architecting for compute, storage, application, security and deployment architecture ◦ Designing and architecting for Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery (BCP DR) ◦ Designing and architecting for the Testing In Production (TIP) ◦ Designing and architecting for auto healing and auto scaling pattern ◦ Designing and developing for monitoring * Design and develop inside out and outside in monitoring and logging * Design and develop synthetic web tests * Design and develop watchdogs ◦ Design and develop the global traffic management using Akamai ◦ Keeping lights on for the services in all data centers ◦ Firefighting drills and actual firefighting ◦ Live site issue tracking, management, coordination and resolving ◦ Capacity monitoring and management ◦ Code reviews ◦ Implemented the security architecture  Channel inclusion Services - (CIS) Client: Microsoft Corporation / Group: Devices and Studios (formerly known as IEB) Sep 2012- June 2015  Synopsis:  CIS is bunch of REST, SOAP services exposed to around 250+ partners dealing with end-to-end retail workflow for around 2 million transactions/day. Microsoft uses these services to distribute the digital goods (Windows, Office and so on.) . It also takes care of the brick and mortar scenario where in customers walk into the shop to buy Microsoft products &lt;&gt; * Technologies used: ◦ Windows Azure - Web Roles, Worker Roles, ASP.NET Web API, ASP.NET MVC and Web Forms, WCF, Service Bus, Azure Storage ◦ SQL Azure, HD Insight, Azure Scheduler ◦ Entity Framework ◦ MOQ, SpecFlow, NUNit, JMeter, RhinoMock * Roles Played:    ◦ Automated unit, performance, integration testing, synthetic testing, data testing, monitoring and improving code coverage, building test case and bugs /defects reports ◦ Continuous Integration and deployment, maintaining build definitions ◦ Designing and architecting service/api specifications and contracts ◦ Designing and architecting for high scale ◦ Designing and architecting for compute, storage, application, security and deployment architecture ◦ Designing and architecting for Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery (BCP DR) ◦ Implementing (developing, testing and monitoring) highly scalable, distributed services ◦ Senior developer consultant responsible to work independently with the clients in designing contracts, defining user stories, implementing them ◦ Write, execute the BVTs, Unit tests and functional tests, monitoring and improving code coverage ◦ Building test plans, test strategy ◦ Code reviews Involved in Application, Security, Operations and Data architecture  Microsoft Store - Commerce Broker Services (CBS) Client: Microsoft Corporation / Group: Devices and Studios (formerly known as IEB) Nov 2011 - Till Sep 2012  Synopsis:  CBS is Service Oriented middle tier component which is responsible for communicating with Microsoft Store front end web site and down-stream systems (SAP, Fulfillment, Payment Gateway etc.) &lt;&gt; * Technologies used: ◦ Windows Azure Queues, Service Bus Topics and subscriptions ◦ WCF ◦ WCF Workflow Services ◦ Entity Framework ◦ MOQ, SpecFlow, NUNit, JMeter * Roles Played:  ◦ Building test plans, test cases, bugs reports, test strategy ◦ Continuous Integration and deployment, maintaining build definitions ◦ Automated unit, performance, integration testing, synthetic testing, data testing ◦ Senior consultant responsible to work independently with the clients in designing contracts, defining user stories, implementing them ◦ Write, execute the BVTs, Unit tests and functional tests ◦ Code reviews ◦ Involved in Application, Security, Operations and Data architecture  BCWeb Wrap Migration to Windows Azure Client: Microsoft Corporation / Group: VLIT Jan 2011 - Oct 2011  Case Study Featured on TechNet    Synopsis:  BCWeb is a Windows Azure ASP.NET Web Role application; authenticated against STS using Federation services that provide a set of Web forms that help capture price exception details, information on business case for doing discounts on price lists, and helps calculate percentage of discount. It uses the ASP.NET connector and custom Web services to pull real-time price information from SAP, and provides sales executives with a light front-end to SAP. BCWeb helps simulate pricing discounts, manage business rules, customize routing and approval workflows, and update the LOB data stored in SAP. One of the major goals of this system is to improve field productivity by simplifying the process and removing training requirements for complex back-end systems, in this case SAP. BCWeb integrates different promotion types into a simplified Web-application. It also allows users to specify business rules using Excel 2007 files and to get notifications in Outlook 2007. Additional goals of this system include: • Reduce revenue leakage by having a business case documented for each promotion field. • Obtain visibility decisions and understand who required a discount and why. • Understand promotion effectiveness and ensure the field is making informed decisions. • Provide a configurable set of files to easily change empowerment guidelines by having a single master data of workflow routing and approvals. • Specific business process in price-execution domain, however, pattern addresses larger solutions space. * Roles Played:  ◦ Responsible for technical architecture ◦ Involved in Application, Security, Operations and Data architecture ◦ Work Estimation and migration assessment ◦ Key Contributor as Windows Azure Developer, Analyst  Origin Digital Cloud Coder Client: Origin Digital Jan 2010 - May 2010  Featured on MSDN  Synopsis:  Origin Digital, a video application service provider that aggregates, transcodes, manages and distributes the digital media files. As part of the business need, they wanted to increase transcoding throughput without increasing capital expense.  As part of the solutioning, the onshore technical architect along with IDC development team put together an approach that allowed - Process intensive digital video transcoding service to-run-on Azure Platform leveraging cloud's real-time scalability and compute capacity. Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS) offering. - Secure all business sensitive information by using On-premise data storage through Azure - An administration module to support Platform as a Service (PaaS) was developed.  The team completed the whole migration activity in 6 weeks using Agile methodology and managed to showcase it successfully in Microsoft PDC 2009 at Los Angeles. The solution resulted in reducing the compute costs by half.    * Technologies used: ASP.Net 3.5, SQL Azure, Windows Azure, Azure Blob/Table Storage, WCF etc.  * Roles Played:  ◦ Over all Application and Data architecture ◦ Designing Auto Scaling Engine (Rules Based) ◦ Leading a team to do daily integration test on cloud ◦ Designing classes/database/user interface. ◦ Coordinating deployment procedure on cloud.  Claims FNOL Client: StateFarm  May 2009 - Aug 2009  Synopsis:  FNOL (First Notice of Loss) is the front end for Insurance Company employees to log the insurance claims. It implements AICS framework which is exposed for other companies to use on Azure as SaaS/multi-tenant (Software-as-service) service.  * Technologies used: ASP.Net 3.5, SQL Azure, Windows Azure, Azure Blob/Table Storage, WCF etc.  * Roles Played:  ◦ Overall Application Architect ◦ Security and database architect  Postal Return Solutions Client: USPS Oct 2009 - Nov 2009  Vision - Electronic Recycling Return Solution to companies which would like to offer a recycling capability on their web sites (like- HP, Dell etc.) - Merchandise Return Solutions for large e-Commerce customers (like- Landsend, Amazon etc) - Parcel Return Solutions to its business partners (like-UPS, FedEx etc.), who would like to leverage USPS provided return solutions.  Approach - Using Silverlight, create rich web-based user interface for calling Electronic Merchandise Return Service Web Tools. - UI should facilitate printing and emailing EMR Labels.  Scope - Create shipping return labels using USPS's 'Electronic Merchandise Return Solution' for key partners (like Dell, WM) that participate in product recycling programs. It involves utilizing USPS public APIs; expand functionality of existing application to create this shipping capability on Windows Azure Platform.    * Technologies used: Silverlight, SQL Azure, Windows Azure, Azure Blob/Table Storage, WCF etc.  * Roles Played:  ◦ Delivery Lead ◦ Overall Application Architect  What's new @ (SaaS, Multi-Tenant mobile application) Client: Starbucks, Coca Cola  Vision - Content Admin (Publisher) prepares and distributes the content to the employees of the organization. - Employees by using the mobile based application forward the content on social networking sites like Twitter, Facebook etc. - Once the users within the network of the employees view/share the content forward, using analytics capture the view/share count. - Branding done using dynamically loading CSSs.  Approach - Using ASP.Net 3.5, create rich web-based user interface for mobile application. - Using ASP.Net 3.5, create rich web-based user interface for publishers. - Use Google, Facebook, BitLy and Twitter analytics to capture the view/share counts.  * Technologies used: ASP.Net 3.5, SQL Azure, Windows Azure, Azure Blob/Table Storage, WCF, Google Analytics, Facebook APIs, Twitter APIS etc.  * Roles Played:  ◦ Delivery Lead ◦ Offshore Technical Architect  GCP Tracker Client: Accenture Internal June2008-Dec 2008  Synopsis:  GCP (Global career program) is a workflow based tool intended to track employees going on onsite assignment for more than 6 months. The GCP process starts when DU Lead nominates an employee for onsite assignment and ends when employee comes back to home location. It caters to all GCP processes involved at home country as well as processes involved at Host country.  * Technologies used: ASP.Net 2.0, SQL 2005, Windows Workflow Foundation * Roles Played: ◦ Offshore Technical Architect, Dev Lead ◦ Designing solution with the help of Senior Architects. ◦ Designing integration interface ◦ Was responsible for drawing/ implementing complex workflow using WF. ◦ Leading a team responsible for implementing Change Requests. ◦ Coordinating deployment procedures.    Abacus DSM Client: Accenture Internal June2006-June 2008  Synopsis: Abacus Demand Supply Management was developed for Accenture HR/Scheduling/Sales teams by CIO (Chief Information Office)  * Technologies used: ASP.Net, SQL 2005  * Roles Played: ◦ Technical Architect, Dev Lead ◦ Leading a team responsible for implementing Change Requests. ◦ Talking/calling/interviewing clients to gather requirements. Documenting it. Getting sign-off on it. ◦ Coordinating Internal, User Acceptance, Integration and Performance Testing. ◦ Leading Production Support team. ◦ Build Manager.  CFE Client: Bombay Stock Exchange October 2005 - June 2006  Synopsis:  CFE system (Common Front End System) is a trading platform for member (and traders of members) of BSE to trade in Multi exchange, Multi segments for trader authentication developed by CMC Ltd. It is designed to facilitate Members with centralized access rights management (has inbuilt Risk Management Server) and enable member to have a centralized Client-level Risk Management at the Broker Office, wherein the risk for a client will be checked across all traders associated with the broker for trading carried out in all segments and on any of the exchanges, centrally at one location.  * Technologies used: Windows Forms (using C#), MS SQL * Roles Played: Dev Lead, Technical Architect, Requirements gathering and analysis, Design, CMM-i documentation, writing BRS, FSD, and Program Specs etc.  Bond Clinician Client: Bond Technologies November 2004 - October 2005  Synopsis:  Clinician is a complete healthcare solution for any clinic and hospital. It has got interface both for Patients and doctors/physician. It has the capability of generating all sorts of lab reports etc and has a full-fledged Document Management System wherein clinics can maintain and scan all documents and reports in the scanned format. It also uses the third-party interface for Health Insurance.  * Technologies used: ASP.Net web forms (using VB.Net), MS SQL, MSMQ * Roles Played: Developer, Database Design, Implementation and Testing
[17216, 17234] Girish Acharya Technical Architect & Sr. Software Engineer  Pune, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Girish-Acharya/6757f94ee9f4ec23  I would like to describe myself as a hard-core software engineer and technical architect passionate for technology and someone who loves to take challenges head-on. I have been using combined engineering principles wherein I was responsible for designing, developing, testing, deploying and monitoring highly scalable distributed applications and services.   While I have always been working using Microsoft technologies, I got chance to work for Microsoft in as a full-time employee last year. My focus as part of this role was as a Dev Ops/Site Reliability Engineer. The main requirement of this role was to keep-lights-on in all data centers for Windows Developer Center. While Service Engineering aspect was the main requirement, I used my technical architect and software tools for inside-out and outside-in monitoring and telemetry.   As a technical architect, I have worked in Accenture for about 7+ years. My role @ Microsoft account was to demonstrate technical leadership, design technical architecture, propose and introduce standard design and architectural patterns and practices, incorporate new requirements and feedbacks from client and execute multiple quick prototypes. As part of this role – I architected Microsoft IT’s (MSIT) biggest Platform As A Service (PaaS) solution back in the days.  I have executed multiple client facing projects wherein I was responsible for designing, architecting the compute, storage, application and deployment architecture. I have experience in designing and architecting systems for Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery (BCP/ DR strategies). I have designed and architected solutions for “Testing in production”. I have experience in designing and architecting for extremely high scale (~ 3 billion requests/day). I have designed and implemented auto healing, smooth traffic routing and eventual consistency in multiple client facing projects.   I am in the Information Technology industry since 2001 working for various software organizations in India for 4 years till I joined Accenture in 2006. I came to USA in 2010 and was working as consultant for Microsoft. I joined Microsoft in May 2015 as a full-time employee. I earned my Electronics Engineering degree in year 2000, Diploma in Advance Computing degree in year 2001 and completed Microsoft Certified Professional Developer and Enterprise Architect certification (MCPDEA) in year 2007. I am also Microsoft Azure Certified Developer and Architect.   I am frequent community contributor. I blog at http://girishthegeek.wordpress.com/   I have worked and published an asset called Framework for Ops Team considering Windows Azure and it was very well received by the clients and appreciated by the managers.  I wrote a white paper related to AppFabric Service Bus which got published in MSDN.  Willing to relocate: Anywhere  https://www.indeed.com/r/Girish-Acharya/6757f94ee9f4ec23?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   WORK EXPERIENCE  Technical Architect  Accenture Services -  Pune, Maharashtra  Software Engineer 2  Microsoft -  Redmond -  June 2016 to February 2017  Engagement and monetization (Microsoft – Universal Store/Windows Developer Center) June 2016– Recently   〓 Technologies used: Microsoft Azure, C#, SQL, PowerShell, App Insights, Azure Data Factory, Redis Cache, API Management Gateway, Azure App Services, Akamai, Azure CDNs, Azure Traffic Manager, Automated Unit Testing, Web Testing, Coded Unit Tests, Performance Testing etc. Tools – SpecFlow, JMeter, Junit, NUNit, MoQ, Fluent Assertions, VSTS, GIT, Microsoft Test Manager, Continuous Integration and deployment, maintaining build definitions   〓 Roles Played:  o Technical architect  o Designing and architecting for compute, storage, application, security and deployment architecture  o Designing and architecting for Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery (BCP DR) o Designing and architecting for the Testing In Production (TIP) o Designing and architecting for auto healing and auto scaling pattern  o Designing and developing for monitoring  〓 Design and develop inside out and outside in monitoring and logging  〓 Design and develop synthetic web tests 〓 Design and develop watchdogs  o Design and develop the global traffic management using Akamai  o Keeping lights on for the services in all data centers  o Firefighting drills and actual firefighting  o Live site issue tracking, management, coordination and resolving  o Capacity monitoring and management  o Code reviews  o Implemented the security architecture  EDUCATION  Bachelor of Engineering in Microsoft  C-DAC    SKILLS  Azure (8 years), Asp.Net (8 years), C# (9 years), Web API (6 years), Sql (6 years), Technical Architect (5 years), Automation Testing (5 years)  LINKS  http://girishthegeek.wordpress.com/  https://www.linkedin.com/in/girishazure  CERTIFICATIONS/LICENSES  Microsoft Certified Professional Developer  Microsoft Certified Professional Developer  Microsoft Certified Enterprise Architect  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Technical Expertise  *Technical Architecture, Microsoft Azure Platform, Microsoft .NET Platform, C#, ASP.NET*  * Designing/Architecting/Building/Testing/Deploying apps/APIs using Windows Azure, SQL Azure, Azure Storage, REST/WCF, AppFabric Cache, Service Bus, Topic and Subscription, Access Control Services from last 7 years. * Azure Application Architecture: Web Role, Worker Role, VM Role, admin mode, start-up tasks integrating with on premise services using App Fabric Service Bus * Azure Security Architecture: Web Role security using SSL, WCF Security using certificates, Data Encryption using certificates, Authentication using ADFS/STS, Single sign on using ACS. Participated in ACE reviews, and provisioned related documentation/code * Azure Operations Architecture: Logging and monitoring using Windows Azure Diagnostics, integration with AVICode, SCOM, disaster recovering and business continuity planning and implementation, automated builds and deployments. * Azure Data Architecture: Understands SQL Azure, Windows Azure Storage (Tables, Blobs, Queues), Document DB, SQL Azure Data Sync, SQL Azure Federation etc. * Deployment Architecture: Continuous integration and deployment. Auto Build, Deployment using Service Management APIs and PowerShell cmdlets * Akamai - design and implement traffic management, caching using Akamai * Azure traffic manager, CDNs, Azure Data Factory, Auto Scaling * Deployment automation and synthetic monitoring using application insights * Developing end to end APIs and applications using ASP.NET Web Forms, ASP.NET MVC, Web API * Performance Testing: Performance, scalability testing using Visual Studio * Automated Testing: Automated Unit Testing, Web Testing, Coded Unit Tests, Performance Testing etc. Tools - SpecFlow, Jmeter, Junit, NUNit, MoQ, Fluent Assertions, VSTS, GIT * Big Data: Architected and developed a big solution using Windows Azure HD Insight, Hive queries  http://girishthegeek.wordpress.com/ https://www.linkedin.com/in/girishazure   Projects Undertaken Engagement and monetization (Microsoft - Universal Store/Windows Developer Center) June 2016- Recently  * Technologies used: Microsoft Azure, C#, SQL, PowerShell, App Insights, Azure Data Factory, Redis Cache, API Management Gateway, Azure App Services, Akamai, Azure CDNs, Azure Traffic Manager, Automated Unit Testing, Web Testing, Coded Unit Tests, Performance Testing etc. Tools - SpecFlow, JMeter, Junit, NUNit, MoQ, Fluent Assertions, VSTS, GIT, Microsoft Test Manager, Continuous Integration and deployment, maintaining build definitions  * Roles Played:  ◦ Technical architect ◦ Designing and architecting for compute, storage, application, security and deployment architecture ◦ Designing and architecting for Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery (BCP DR) ◦ Designing and architecting for the Testing In Production (TIP) ◦ Designing and architecting for auto healing and auto scaling pattern ◦ Designing and developing for monitoring * Design and develop inside out and outside in monitoring and logging * Design and develop synthetic web tests * Design and develop watchdogs ◦ Design and develop the global traffic management using Akamai ◦ Keeping lights on for the services in all data centers ◦ Firefighting drills and actual firefighting ◦ Live site issue tracking, management, coordination and resolving ◦ Capacity monitoring and management ◦ Code reviews ◦ Implemented the security architecture  Channel inclusion Services - (CIS) Client: Microsoft Corporation / Group: Devices and Studios (formerly known as IEB) Sep 2012- June 2015  Synopsis:  CIS is bunch of REST, SOAP services exposed to around 250+ partners dealing with end-to-end retail workflow for around 2 million transactions/day. Microsoft uses these services to distribute the digital goods (Windows, Office and so on.) . It also takes care of the brick and mortar scenario where in customers walk into the shop to buy Microsoft products &lt;&gt; * Technologies used: ◦ Windows Azure - Web Roles, Worker Roles, ASP.NET Web API, ASP.NET MVC and Web Forms, WCF, Service Bus, Azure Storage ◦ SQL Azure, HD Insight, Azure Scheduler ◦ Entity Framework ◦ MOQ, SpecFlow, NUNit, JMeter, RhinoMock * Roles Played:    ◦ Automated unit, performance, integration testing, synthetic testing, data testing, monitoring and improving code coverage, building test case and bugs /defects reports ◦ Continuous Integration and deployment, maintaining build definitions ◦ Designing and architecting service/api specifications and contracts ◦ Designing and architecting for high scale ◦ Designing and architecting for compute, storage, application, security and deployment architecture ◦ Designing and architecting for Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery (BCP DR) ◦ Implementing (developing, testing and monitoring) highly scalable, distributed services ◦ Senior developer consultant responsible to work independently with the clients in designing contracts, defining user stories, implementing them ◦ Write, execute the BVTs, Unit tests and functional tests, monitoring and improving code coverage ◦ Building test plans, test strategy ◦ Code reviews Involved in Application, Security, Operations and Data architecture  Microsoft Store - Commerce Broker Services (CBS) Client: Microsoft Corporation / Group: Devices and Studios (formerly known as IEB) Nov 2011 - Till Sep 2012  Synopsis:  CBS is Service Oriented middle tier component which is responsible for communicating with Microsoft Store front end web site and down-stream systems (SAP, Fulfillment, Payment Gateway etc.) &lt;&gt; * Technologies used: ◦ Windows Azure Queues, Service Bus Topics and subscriptions ◦ WCF ◦ WCF Workflow Services ◦ Entity Framework ◦ MOQ, SpecFlow, NUNit, JMeter * Roles Played:  ◦ Building test plans, test cases, bugs reports, test strategy ◦ Continuous Integration and deployment, maintaining build definitions ◦ Automated unit, performance, integration testing, synthetic testing, data testing ◦ Senior consultant responsible to work independently with the clients in designing contracts, defining user stories, implementing them ◦ Write, execute the BVTs, Unit tests and functional tests ◦ Code reviews ◦ Involved in Application, Security, Operations and Data architecture  BCWeb Wrap Migration to Windows Azure Client: Microsoft Corporation / Group: VLIT Jan 2011 - Oct 2011  Case Study Featured on TechNet    Synopsis:  BCWeb is a Windows Azure ASP.NET Web Role application; authenticated against STS using Federation services that provide a set of Web forms that help capture price exception details, information on business case for doing discounts on price lists, and helps calculate percentage of discount. It uses the ASP.NET connector and custom Web services to pull real-time price information from SAP, and provides sales executives with a light front-end to SAP. BCWeb helps simulate pricing discounts, manage business rules, customize routing and approval workflows, and update the LOB data stored in SAP. One of the major goals of this system is to improve field productivity by simplifying the process and removing training requirements for complex back-end systems, in this case SAP. BCWeb integrates different promotion types into a simplified Web-application. It also allows users to specify business rules using Excel 2007 files and to get notifications in Outlook 2007. Additional goals of this system include: • Reduce revenue leakage by having a business case documented for each promotion field. • Obtain visibility decisions and understand who required a discount and why. • Understand promotion effectiveness and ensure the field is making informed decisions. • Provide a configurable set of files to easily change empowerment guidelines by having a single master data of workflow routing and approvals. • Specific business process in price-execution domain, however, pattern addresses larger solutions space. * Roles Played:  ◦ Responsible for technical architecture ◦ Involved in Application, Security, Operations and Data architecture ◦ Work Estimation and migration assessment ◦ Key Contributor as Windows Azure Developer, Analyst  Origin Digital Cloud Coder Client: Origin Digital Jan 2010 - May 2010  Featured on MSDN  Synopsis:  Origin Digital, a video application service provider that aggregates, transcodes, manages and distributes the digital media files. As part of the business need, they wanted to increase transcoding throughput without increasing capital expense.  As part of the solutioning, the onshore technical architect along with IDC development team put together an approach that allowed - Process intensive digital video transcoding service to-run-on Azure Platform leveraging cloud's real-time scalability and compute capacity. Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS) offering. - Secure all business sensitive information by using On-premise data storage through Azure - An administration module to support Platform as a Service (PaaS) was developed.  The team completed the whole migration activity in 6 weeks using Agile methodology and managed to showcase it successfully in Microsoft PDC 2009 at Los Angeles. The solution resulted in reducing the compute costs by half.    * Technologies used: ASP.Net 3.5, SQL Azure, Windows Azure, Azure Blob/Table Storage, WCF etc.  * Roles Played:  ◦ Over all Application and Data architecture ◦ Designing Auto Scaling Engine (Rules Based) ◦ Leading a team to do daily integration test on cloud ◦ Designing classes/database/user interface. ◦ Coordinating deployment procedure on cloud.  Claims FNOL Client: StateFarm  May 2009 - Aug 2009  Synopsis:  FNOL (First Notice of Loss) is the front end for Insurance Company employees to log the insurance claims. It implements AICS framework which is exposed for other companies to use on Azure as SaaS/multi-tenant (Software-as-service) service.  * Technologies used: ASP.Net 3.5, SQL Azure, Windows Azure, Azure Blob/Table Storage, WCF etc.  * Roles Played:  ◦ Overall Application Architect ◦ Security and database architect  Postal Return Solutions Client: USPS Oct 2009 - Nov 2009  Vision - Electronic Recycling Return Solution to companies which would like to offer a recycling capability on their web sites (like- HP, Dell etc.) - Merchandise Return Solutions for large e-Commerce customers (like- Landsend, Amazon etc) - Parcel Return Solutions to its business partners (like-UPS, FedEx etc.), who would like to leverage USPS provided return solutions.  Approach - Using Silverlight, create rich web-based user interface for calling Electronic Merchandise Return Service Web Tools. - UI should facilitate printing and emailing EMR Labels.  Scope - Create shipping return labels using USPS's 'Electronic Merchandise Return Solution' for key partners (like Dell, WM) that participate in product recycling programs. It involves utilizing USPS public APIs; expand functionality of existing application to create this shipping capability on Windows Azure Platform.    * Technologies used: Silverlight, SQL Azure, Windows Azure, Azure Blob/Table Storage, WCF etc.  * Roles Played:  ◦ Delivery Lead ◦ Overall Application Architect  What's new @ (SaaS, Multi-Tenant mobile application) Client: Starbucks, Coca Cola  Vision - Content Admin (Publisher) prepares and distributes the content to the employees of the organization. - Employees by using the mobile based application forward the content on social networking sites like Twitter, Facebook etc. - Once the users within the network of the employees view/share the content forward, using analytics capture the view/share count. - Branding done using dynamically loading CSSs.  Approach - Using ASP.Net 3.5, create rich web-based user interface for mobile application. - Using ASP.Net 3.5, create rich web-based user interface for publishers. - Use Google, Facebook, BitLy and Twitter analytics to capture the view/share counts.  * Technologies used: ASP.Net 3.5, SQL Azure, Windows Azure, Azure Blob/Table Storage, WCF, Google Analytics, Facebook APIs, Twitter APIS etc.  * Roles Played:  ◦ Delivery Lead ◦ Offshore Technical Architect  GCP Tracker Client: Accenture Internal June2008-Dec 2008  Synopsis:  GCP (Global career program) is a workflow based tool intended to track employees going on onsite assignment for more than 6 months. The GCP process starts when DU Lead nominates an employee for onsite assignment and ends when employee comes back to home location. It caters to all GCP processes involved at home country as well as processes involved at Host country.  * Technologies used: ASP.Net 2.0, SQL 2005, Windows Workflow Foundation * Roles Played: ◦ Offshore Technical Architect, Dev Lead ◦ Designing solution with the help of Senior Architects. ◦ Designing integration interface ◦ Was responsible for drawing/ implementing complex workflow using WF. ◦ Leading a team responsible for implementing Change Requests. ◦ Coordinating deployment procedures.    Abacus DSM Client: Accenture Internal June2006-June 2008  Synopsis: Abacus Demand Supply Management was developed for Accenture HR/Scheduling/Sales teams by CIO (Chief Information Office)  * Technologies used: ASP.Net, SQL 2005  * Roles Played: ◦ Technical Architect, Dev Lead ◦ Leading a team responsible for implementing Change Requests. ◦ Talking/calling/interviewing clients to gather requirements. Documenting it. Getting sign-off on it. ◦ Coordinating Internal, User Acceptance, Integration and Performance Testing. ◦ Leading Production Support team. ◦ Build Manager.  CFE Client: Bombay Stock Exchange October 2005 - June 2006  Synopsis:  CFE system (Common Front End System) is a trading platform for member (and traders of members) of BSE to trade in Multi exchange, Multi segments for trader authentication developed by CMC Ltd. It is designed to facilitate Members with centralized access rights management (has inbuilt Risk Management Server) and enable member to have a centralized Client-level Risk Management at the Broker Office, wherein the risk for a client will be checked across all traders associated with the broker for trading carried out in all segments and on any of the exchanges, centrally at one location.  * Technologies used: Windows Forms (using C#), MS SQL * Roles Played: Dev Lead, Technical Architect, Requirements gathering and analysis, Design, CMM-i documentation, writing BRS, FSD, and Program Specs etc.  Bond Clinician Client: Bond Technologies November 2004 - October 2005  Synopsis:  Clinician is a complete healthcare solution for any clinic and hospital. It has got interface both for Patients and doctors/physician. It has the capability of generating all sorts of lab reports etc and has a full-fledged Document Management System wherein clinics can maintain and scan all documents and reports in the scanned format. It also uses the third-party interface for Health Insurance.  * Technologies used: ASP.Net web forms (using VB.Net), MS SQL, MSMQ * Roles Played: Developer, Database Design, Implementation and Testing
[14240, 14248] Girish Acharya Technical Architect & Sr. Software Engineer  Pune, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Girish-Acharya/6757f94ee9f4ec23  I would like to describe myself as a hard-core software engineer and technical architect passionate for technology and someone who loves to take challenges head-on. I have been using combined engineering principles wherein I was responsible for designing, developing, testing, deploying and monitoring highly scalable distributed applications and services.   While I have always been working using Microsoft technologies, I got chance to work for Microsoft in as a full-time employee last year. My focus as part of this role was as a Dev Ops/Site Reliability Engineer. The main requirement of this role was to keep-lights-on in all data centers for Windows Developer Center. While Service Engineering aspect was the main requirement, I used my technical architect and software tools for inside-out and outside-in monitoring and telemetry.   As a technical architect, I have worked in Accenture for about 7+ years. My role @ Microsoft account was to demonstrate technical leadership, design technical architecture, propose and introduce standard design and architectural patterns and practices, incorporate new requirements and feedbacks from client and execute multiple quick prototypes. As part of this role – I architected Microsoft IT’s (MSIT) biggest Platform As A Service (PaaS) solution back in the days.  I have executed multiple client facing projects wherein I was responsible for designing, architecting the compute, storage, application and deployment architecture. I have experience in designing and architecting systems for Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery (BCP/ DR strategies). I have designed and architected solutions for “Testing in production”. I have experience in designing and architecting for extremely high scale (~ 3 billion requests/day). I have designed and implemented auto healing, smooth traffic routing and eventual consistency in multiple client facing projects.   I am in the Information Technology industry since 2001 working for various software organizations in India for 4 years till I joined Accenture in 2006. I came to USA in 2010 and was working as consultant for Microsoft. I joined Microsoft in May 2015 as a full-time employee. I earned my Electronics Engineering degree in year 2000, Diploma in Advance Computing degree in year 2001 and completed Microsoft Certified Professional Developer and Enterprise Architect certification (MCPDEA) in year 2007. I am also Microsoft Azure Certified Developer and Architect.   I am frequent community contributor. I blog at http://girishthegeek.wordpress.com/   I have worked and published an asset called Framework for Ops Team considering Windows Azure and it was very well received by the clients and appreciated by the managers.  I wrote a white paper related to AppFabric Service Bus which got published in MSDN.  Willing to relocate: Anywhere  https://www.indeed.com/r/Girish-Acharya/6757f94ee9f4ec23?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   WORK EXPERIENCE  Technical Architect  Accenture Services -  Pune, Maharashtra  Software Engineer 2  Microsoft -  Redmond -  June 2016 to February 2017  Engagement and monetization (Microsoft – Universal Store/Windows Developer Center) June 2016– Recently   〓 Technologies used: Microsoft Azure, C#, SQL, PowerShell, App Insights, Azure Data Factory, Redis Cache, API Management Gateway, Azure App Services, Akamai, Azure CDNs, Azure Traffic Manager, Automated Unit Testing, Web Testing, Coded Unit Tests, Performance Testing etc. Tools – SpecFlow, JMeter, Junit, NUNit, MoQ, Fluent Assertions, VSTS, GIT, Microsoft Test Manager, Continuous Integration and deployment, maintaining build definitions   〓 Roles Played:  o Technical architect  o Designing and architecting for compute, storage, application, security and deployment architecture  o Designing and architecting for Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery (BCP DR) o Designing and architecting for the Testing In Production (TIP) o Designing and architecting for auto healing and auto scaling pattern  o Designing and developing for monitoring  〓 Design and develop inside out and outside in monitoring and logging  〓 Design and develop synthetic web tests 〓 Design and develop watchdogs  o Design and develop the global traffic management using Akamai  o Keeping lights on for the services in all data centers  o Firefighting drills and actual firefighting  o Live site issue tracking, management, coordination and resolving  o Capacity monitoring and management  o Code reviews  o Implemented the security architecture  EDUCATION  Bachelor of Engineering in Microsoft  C-DAC    SKILLS  Azure (8 years), Asp.Net (8 years), C# (9 years), Web API (6 years), Sql (6 years), Technical Architect (5 years), Automation Testing (5 years)  LINKS  http://girishthegeek.wordpress.com/  https://www.linkedin.com/in/girishazure  CERTIFICATIONS/LICENSES  Microsoft Certified Professional Developer  Microsoft Certified Professional Developer  Microsoft Certified Enterprise Architect  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Technical Expertise  *Technical Architecture, Microsoft Azure Platform, Microsoft .NET Platform, C#, ASP.NET*  * Designing/Architecting/Building/Testing/Deploying apps/APIs using Windows Azure, SQL Azure, Azure Storage, REST/WCF, AppFabric Cache, Service Bus, Topic and Subscription, Access Control Services from last 7 years. * Azure Application Architecture: Web Role, Worker Role, VM Role, admin mode, start-up tasks integrating with on premise services using App Fabric Service Bus * Azure Security Architecture: Web Role security using SSL, WCF Security using certificates, Data Encryption using certificates, Authentication using ADFS/STS, Single sign on using ACS. Participated in ACE reviews, and provisioned related documentation/code * Azure Operations Architecture: Logging and monitoring using Windows Azure Diagnostics, integration with AVICode, SCOM, disaster recovering and business continuity planning and implementation, automated builds and deployments. * Azure Data Architecture: Understands SQL Azure, Windows Azure Storage (Tables, Blobs, Queues), Document DB, SQL Azure Data Sync, SQL Azure Federation etc. * Deployment Architecture: Continuous integration and deployment. Auto Build, Deployment using Service Management APIs and PowerShell cmdlets * Akamai - design and implement traffic management, caching using Akamai * Azure traffic manager, CDNs, Azure Data Factory, Auto Scaling * Deployment automation and synthetic monitoring using application insights * Developing end to end APIs and applications using ASP.NET Web Forms, ASP.NET MVC, Web API * Performance Testing: Performance, scalability testing using Visual Studio * Automated Testing: Automated Unit Testing, Web Testing, Coded Unit Tests, Performance Testing etc. Tools - SpecFlow, Jmeter, Junit, NUNit, MoQ, Fluent Assertions, VSTS, GIT * Big Data: Architected and developed a big solution using Windows Azure HD Insight, Hive queries  http://girishthegeek.wordpress.com/ https://www.linkedin.com/in/girishazure   Projects Undertaken Engagement and monetization (Microsoft - Universal Store/Windows Developer Center) June 2016- Recently  * Technologies used: Microsoft Azure, C#, SQL, PowerShell, App Insights, Azure Data Factory, Redis Cache, API Management Gateway, Azure App Services, Akamai, Azure CDNs, Azure Traffic Manager, Automated Unit Testing, Web Testing, Coded Unit Tests, Performance Testing etc. Tools - SpecFlow, JMeter, Junit, NUNit, MoQ, Fluent Assertions, VSTS, GIT, Microsoft Test Manager, Continuous Integration and deployment, maintaining build definitions  * Roles Played:  ◦ Technical architect ◦ Designing and architecting for compute, storage, application, security and deployment architecture ◦ Designing and architecting for Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery (BCP DR) ◦ Designing and architecting for the Testing In Production (TIP) ◦ Designing and architecting for auto healing and auto scaling pattern ◦ Designing and developing for monitoring * Design and develop inside out and outside in monitoring and logging * Design and develop synthetic web tests * Design and develop watchdogs ◦ Design and develop the global traffic management using Akamai ◦ Keeping lights on for the services in all data centers ◦ Firefighting drills and actual firefighting ◦ Live site issue tracking, management, coordination and resolving ◦ Capacity monitoring and management ◦ Code reviews ◦ Implemented the security architecture  Channel inclusion Services - (CIS) Client: Microsoft Corporation / Group: Devices and Studios (formerly known as IEB) Sep 2012- June 2015  Synopsis:  CIS is bunch of REST, SOAP services exposed to around 250+ partners dealing with end-to-end retail workflow for around 2 million transactions/day. Microsoft uses these services to distribute the digital goods (Windows, Office and so on.) . It also takes care of the brick and mortar scenario where in customers walk into the shop to buy Microsoft products &lt;&gt; * Technologies used: ◦ Windows Azure - Web Roles, Worker Roles, ASP.NET Web API, ASP.NET MVC and Web Forms, WCF, Service Bus, Azure Storage ◦ SQL Azure, HD Insight, Azure Scheduler ◦ Entity Framework ◦ MOQ, SpecFlow, NUNit, JMeter, RhinoMock * Roles Played:    ◦ Automated unit, performance, integration testing, synthetic testing, data testing, monitoring and improving code coverage, building test case and bugs /defects reports ◦ Continuous Integration and deployment, maintaining build definitions ◦ Designing and architecting service/api specifications and contracts ◦ Designing and architecting for high scale ◦ Designing and architecting for compute, storage, application, security and deployment architecture ◦ Designing and architecting for Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery (BCP DR) ◦ Implementing (developing, testing and monitoring) highly scalable, distributed services ◦ Senior developer consultant responsible to work independently with the clients in designing contracts, defining user stories, implementing them ◦ Write, execute the BVTs, Unit tests and functional tests, monitoring and improving code coverage ◦ Building test plans, test strategy ◦ Code reviews Involved in Application, Security, Operations and Data architecture  Microsoft Store - Commerce Broker Services (CBS) Client: Microsoft Corporation / Group: Devices and Studios (formerly known as IEB) Nov 2011 - Till Sep 2012  Synopsis:  CBS is Service Oriented middle tier component which is responsible for communicating with Microsoft Store front end web site and down-stream systems (SAP, Fulfillment, Payment Gateway etc.) &lt;&gt; * Technologies used: ◦ Windows Azure Queues, Service Bus Topics and subscriptions ◦ WCF ◦ WCF Workflow Services ◦ Entity Framework ◦ MOQ, SpecFlow, NUNit, JMeter * Roles Played:  ◦ Building test plans, test cases, bugs reports, test strategy ◦ Continuous Integration and deployment, maintaining build definitions ◦ Automated unit, performance, integration testing, synthetic testing, data testing ◦ Senior consultant responsible to work independently with the clients in designing contracts, defining user stories, implementing them ◦ Write, execute the BVTs, Unit tests and functional tests ◦ Code reviews ◦ Involved in Application, Security, Operations and Data architecture  BCWeb Wrap Migration to Windows Azure Client: Microsoft Corporation / Group: VLIT Jan 2011 - Oct 2011  Case Study Featured on TechNet    Synopsis:  BCWeb is a Windows Azure ASP.NET Web Role application; authenticated against STS using Federation services that provide a set of Web forms that help capture price exception details, information on business case for doing discounts on price lists, and helps calculate percentage of discount. It uses the ASP.NET connector and custom Web services to pull real-time price information from SAP, and provides sales executives with a light front-end to SAP. BCWeb helps simulate pricing discounts, manage business rules, customize routing and approval workflows, and update the LOB data stored in SAP. One of the major goals of this system is to improve field productivity by simplifying the process and removing training requirements for complex back-end systems, in this case SAP. BCWeb integrates different promotion types into a simplified Web-application. It also allows users to specify business rules using Excel 2007 files and to get notifications in Outlook 2007. Additional goals of this system include: • Reduce revenue leakage by having a business case documented for each promotion field. • Obtain visibility decisions and understand who required a discount and why. • Understand promotion effectiveness and ensure the field is making informed decisions. • Provide a configurable set of files to easily change empowerment guidelines by having a single master data of workflow routing and approvals. • Specific business process in price-execution domain, however, pattern addresses larger solutions space. * Roles Played:  ◦ Responsible for technical architecture ◦ Involved in Application, Security, Operations and Data architecture ◦ Work Estimation and migration assessment ◦ Key Contributor as Windows Azure Developer, Analyst  Origin Digital Cloud Coder Client: Origin Digital Jan 2010 - May 2010  Featured on MSDN  Synopsis:  Origin Digital, a video application service provider that aggregates, transcodes, manages and distributes the digital media files. As part of the business need, they wanted to increase transcoding throughput without increasing capital expense.  As part of the solutioning, the onshore technical architect along with IDC development team put together an approach that allowed - Process intensive digital video transcoding service to-run-on Azure Platform leveraging cloud's real-time scalability and compute capacity. Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS) offering. - Secure all business sensitive information by using On-premise data storage through Azure - An administration module to support Platform as a Service (PaaS) was developed.  The team completed the whole migration activity in 6 weeks using Agile methodology and managed to showcase it successfully in Microsoft PDC 2009 at Los Angeles. The solution resulted in reducing the compute costs by half.    * Technologies used: ASP.Net 3.5, SQL Azure, Windows Azure, Azure Blob/Table Storage, WCF etc.  * Roles Played:  ◦ Over all Application and Data architecture ◦ Designing Auto Scaling Engine (Rules Based) ◦ Leading a team to do daily integration test on cloud ◦ Designing classes/database/user interface. ◦ Coordinating deployment procedure on cloud.  Claims FNOL Client: StateFarm  May 2009 - Aug 2009  Synopsis:  FNOL (First Notice of Loss) is the front end for Insurance Company employees to log the insurance claims. It implements AICS framework which is exposed for other companies to use on Azure as SaaS/multi-tenant (Software-as-service) service.  * Technologies used: ASP.Net 3.5, SQL Azure, Windows Azure, Azure Blob/Table Storage, WCF etc.  * Roles Played:  ◦ Overall Application Architect ◦ Security and database architect  Postal Return Solutions Client: USPS Oct 2009 - Nov 2009  Vision - Electronic Recycling Return Solution to companies which would like to offer a recycling capability on their web sites (like- HP, Dell etc.) - Merchandise Return Solutions for large e-Commerce customers (like- Landsend, Amazon etc) - Parcel Return Solutions to its business partners (like-UPS, FedEx etc.), who would like to leverage USPS provided return solutions.  Approach - Using Silverlight, create rich web-based user interface for calling Electronic Merchandise Return Service Web Tools. - UI should facilitate printing and emailing EMR Labels.  Scope - Create shipping return labels using USPS's 'Electronic Merchandise Return Solution' for key partners (like Dell, WM) that participate in product recycling programs. It involves utilizing USPS public APIs; expand functionality of existing application to create this shipping capability on Windows Azure Platform.    * Technologies used: Silverlight, SQL Azure, Windows Azure, Azure Blob/Table Storage, WCF etc.  * Roles Played:  ◦ Delivery Lead ◦ Overall Application Architect  What's new @ (SaaS, Multi-Tenant mobile application) Client: Starbucks, Coca Cola  Vision - Content Admin (Publisher) prepares and distributes the content to the employees of the organization. - Employees by using the mobile based application forward the content on social networking sites like Twitter, Facebook etc. - Once the users within the network of the employees view/share the content forward, using analytics capture the view/share count. - Branding done using dynamically loading CSSs.  Approach - Using ASP.Net 3.5, create rich web-based user interface for mobile application. - Using ASP.Net 3.5, create rich web-based user interface for publishers. - Use Google, Facebook, BitLy and Twitter analytics to capture the view/share counts.  * Technologies used: ASP.Net 3.5, SQL Azure, Windows Azure, Azure Blob/Table Storage, WCF, Google Analytics, Facebook APIs, Twitter APIS etc.  * Roles Played:  ◦ Delivery Lead ◦ Offshore Technical Architect  GCP Tracker Client: Accenture Internal June2008-Dec 2008  Synopsis:  GCP (Global career program) is a workflow based tool intended to track employees going on onsite assignment for more than 6 months. The GCP process starts when DU Lead nominates an employee for onsite assignment and ends when employee comes back to home location. It caters to all GCP processes involved at home country as well as processes involved at Host country.  * Technologies used: ASP.Net 2.0, SQL 2005, Windows Workflow Foundation * Roles Played: ◦ Offshore Technical Architect, Dev Lead ◦ Designing solution with the help of Senior Architects. ◦ Designing integration interface ◦ Was responsible for drawing/ implementing complex workflow using WF. ◦ Leading a team responsible for implementing Change Requests. ◦ Coordinating deployment procedures.    Abacus DSM Client: Accenture Internal June2006-June 2008  Synopsis: Abacus Demand Supply Management was developed for Accenture HR/Scheduling/Sales teams by CIO (Chief Information Office)  * Technologies used: ASP.Net, SQL 2005  * Roles Played: ◦ Technical Architect, Dev Lead ◦ Leading a team responsible for implementing Change Requests. ◦ Talking/calling/interviewing clients to gather requirements. Documenting it. Getting sign-off on it. ◦ Coordinating Internal, User Acceptance, Integration and Performance Testing. ◦ Leading Production Support team. ◦ Build Manager.  CFE Client: Bombay Stock Exchange October 2005 - June 2006  Synopsis:  CFE system (Common Front End System) is a trading platform for member (and traders of members) of BSE to trade in Multi exchange, Multi segments for trader authentication developed by CMC Ltd. It is designed to facilitate Members with centralized access rights management (has inbuilt Risk Management Server) and enable member to have a centralized Client-level Risk Management at the Broker Office, wherein the risk for a client will be checked across all traders associated with the broker for trading carried out in all segments and on any of the exchanges, centrally at one location.  * Technologies used: Windows Forms (using C#), MS SQL * Roles Played: Dev Lead, Technical Architect, Requirements gathering and analysis, Design, CMM-i documentation, writing BRS, FSD, and Program Specs etc.  Bond Clinician Client: Bond Technologies November 2004 - October 2005  Synopsis:  Clinician is a complete healthcare solution for any clinic and hospital. It has got interface both for Patients and doctors/physician. It has the capability of generating all sorts of lab reports etc and has a full-fledged Document Management System wherein clinics can maintain and scan all documents and reports in the scanned format. It also uses the third-party interface for Health Insurance.  * Technologies used: ASP.Net web forms (using VB.Net), MS SQL, MSMQ * Roles Played: Developer, Database Design, Implementation and Testing
[11438, 11447] Girish Acharya Technical Architect & Sr. Software Engineer  Pune, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Girish-Acharya/6757f94ee9f4ec23  I would like to describe myself as a hard-core software engineer and technical architect passionate for technology and someone who loves to take challenges head-on. I have been using combined engineering principles wherein I was responsible for designing, developing, testing, deploying and monitoring highly scalable distributed applications and services.   While I have always been working using Microsoft technologies, I got chance to work for Microsoft in as a full-time employee last year. My focus as part of this role was as a Dev Ops/Site Reliability Engineer. The main requirement of this role was to keep-lights-on in all data centers for Windows Developer Center. While Service Engineering aspect was the main requirement, I used my technical architect and software tools for inside-out and outside-in monitoring and telemetry.   As a technical architect, I have worked in Accenture for about 7+ years. My role @ Microsoft account was to demonstrate technical leadership, design technical architecture, propose and introduce standard design and architectural patterns and practices, incorporate new requirements and feedbacks from client and execute multiple quick prototypes. As part of this role – I architected Microsoft IT’s (MSIT) biggest Platform As A Service (PaaS) solution back in the days.  I have executed multiple client facing projects wherein I was responsible for designing, architecting the compute, storage, application and deployment architecture. I have experience in designing and architecting systems for Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery (BCP/ DR strategies). I have designed and architected solutions for “Testing in production”. I have experience in designing and architecting for extremely high scale (~ 3 billion requests/day). I have designed and implemented auto healing, smooth traffic routing and eventual consistency in multiple client facing projects.   I am in the Information Technology industry since 2001 working for various software organizations in India for 4 years till I joined Accenture in 2006. I came to USA in 2010 and was working as consultant for Microsoft. I joined Microsoft in May 2015 as a full-time employee. I earned my Electronics Engineering degree in year 2000, Diploma in Advance Computing degree in year 2001 and completed Microsoft Certified Professional Developer and Enterprise Architect certification (MCPDEA) in year 2007. I am also Microsoft Azure Certified Developer and Architect.   I am frequent community contributor. I blog at http://girishthegeek.wordpress.com/   I have worked and published an asset called Framework for Ops Team considering Windows Azure and it was very well received by the clients and appreciated by the managers.  I wrote a white paper related to AppFabric Service Bus which got published in MSDN.  Willing to relocate: Anywhere  https://www.indeed.com/r/Girish-Acharya/6757f94ee9f4ec23?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   WORK EXPERIENCE  Technical Architect  Accenture Services -  Pune, Maharashtra  Software Engineer 2  Microsoft -  Redmond -  June 2016 to February 2017  Engagement and monetization (Microsoft – Universal Store/Windows Developer Center) June 2016– Recently   〓 Technologies used: Microsoft Azure, C#, SQL, PowerShell, App Insights, Azure Data Factory, Redis Cache, API Management Gateway, Azure App Services, Akamai, Azure CDNs, Azure Traffic Manager, Automated Unit Testing, Web Testing, Coded Unit Tests, Performance Testing etc. Tools – SpecFlow, JMeter, Junit, NUNit, MoQ, Fluent Assertions, VSTS, GIT, Microsoft Test Manager, Continuous Integration and deployment, maintaining build definitions   〓 Roles Played:  o Technical architect  o Designing and architecting for compute, storage, application, security and deployment architecture  o Designing and architecting for Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery (BCP DR) o Designing and architecting for the Testing In Production (TIP) o Designing and architecting for auto healing and auto scaling pattern  o Designing and developing for monitoring  〓 Design and develop inside out and outside in monitoring and logging  〓 Design and develop synthetic web tests 〓 Design and develop watchdogs  o Design and develop the global traffic management using Akamai  o Keeping lights on for the services in all data centers  o Firefighting drills and actual firefighting  o Live site issue tracking, management, coordination and resolving  o Capacity monitoring and management  o Code reviews  o Implemented the security architecture  EDUCATION  Bachelor of Engineering in Microsoft  C-DAC    SKILLS  Azure (8 years), Asp.Net (8 years), C# (9 years), Web API (6 years), Sql (6 years), Technical Architect (5 years), Automation Testing (5 years)  LINKS  http://girishthegeek.wordpress.com/  https://www.linkedin.com/in/girishazure  CERTIFICATIONS/LICENSES  Microsoft Certified Professional Developer  Microsoft Certified Professional Developer  Microsoft Certified Enterprise Architect  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Technical Expertise  *Technical Architecture, Microsoft Azure Platform, Microsoft .NET Platform, C#, ASP.NET*  * Designing/Architecting/Building/Testing/Deploying apps/APIs using Windows Azure, SQL Azure, Azure Storage, REST/WCF, AppFabric Cache, Service Bus, Topic and Subscription, Access Control Services from last 7 years. * Azure Application Architecture: Web Role, Worker Role, VM Role, admin mode, start-up tasks integrating with on premise services using App Fabric Service Bus * Azure Security Architecture: Web Role security using SSL, WCF Security using certificates, Data Encryption using certificates, Authentication using ADFS/STS, Single sign on using ACS. Participated in ACE reviews, and provisioned related documentation/code * Azure Operations Architecture: Logging and monitoring using Windows Azure Diagnostics, integration with AVICode, SCOM, disaster recovering and business continuity planning and implementation, automated builds and deployments. * Azure Data Architecture: Understands SQL Azure, Windows Azure Storage (Tables, Blobs, Queues), Document DB, SQL Azure Data Sync, SQL Azure Federation etc. * Deployment Architecture: Continuous integration and deployment. Auto Build, Deployment using Service Management APIs and PowerShell cmdlets * Akamai - design and implement traffic management, caching using Akamai * Azure traffic manager, CDNs, Azure Data Factory, Auto Scaling * Deployment automation and synthetic monitoring using application insights * Developing end to end APIs and applications using ASP.NET Web Forms, ASP.NET MVC, Web API * Performance Testing: Performance, scalability testing using Visual Studio * Automated Testing: Automated Unit Testing, Web Testing, Coded Unit Tests, Performance Testing etc. Tools - SpecFlow, Jmeter, Junit, NUNit, MoQ, Fluent Assertions, VSTS, GIT * Big Data: Architected and developed a big solution using Windows Azure HD Insight, Hive queries  http://girishthegeek.wordpress.com/ https://www.linkedin.com/in/girishazure   Projects Undertaken Engagement and monetization (Microsoft - Universal Store/Windows Developer Center) June 2016- Recently  * Technologies used: Microsoft Azure, C#, SQL, PowerShell, App Insights, Azure Data Factory, Redis Cache, API Management Gateway, Azure App Services, Akamai, Azure CDNs, Azure Traffic Manager, Automated Unit Testing, Web Testing, Coded Unit Tests, Performance Testing etc. Tools - SpecFlow, JMeter, Junit, NUNit, MoQ, Fluent Assertions, VSTS, GIT, Microsoft Test Manager, Continuous Integration and deployment, maintaining build definitions  * Roles Played:  ◦ Technical architect ◦ Designing and architecting for compute, storage, application, security and deployment architecture ◦ Designing and architecting for Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery (BCP DR) ◦ Designing and architecting for the Testing In Production (TIP) ◦ Designing and architecting for auto healing and auto scaling pattern ◦ Designing and developing for monitoring * Design and develop inside out and outside in monitoring and logging * Design and develop synthetic web tests * Design and develop watchdogs ◦ Design and develop the global traffic management using Akamai ◦ Keeping lights on for the services in all data centers ◦ Firefighting drills and actual firefighting ◦ Live site issue tracking, management, coordination and resolving ◦ Capacity monitoring and management ◦ Code reviews ◦ Implemented the security architecture  Channel inclusion Services - (CIS) Client: Microsoft Corporation / Group: Devices and Studios (formerly known as IEB) Sep 2012- June 2015  Synopsis:  CIS is bunch of REST, SOAP services exposed to around 250+ partners dealing with end-to-end retail workflow for around 2 million transactions/day. Microsoft uses these services to distribute the digital goods (Windows, Office and so on.) . It also takes care of the brick and mortar scenario where in customers walk into the shop to buy Microsoft products &lt;&gt; * Technologies used: ◦ Windows Azure - Web Roles, Worker Roles, ASP.NET Web API, ASP.NET MVC and Web Forms, WCF, Service Bus, Azure Storage ◦ SQL Azure, HD Insight, Azure Scheduler ◦ Entity Framework ◦ MOQ, SpecFlow, NUNit, JMeter, RhinoMock * Roles Played:    ◦ Automated unit, performance, integration testing, synthetic testing, data testing, monitoring and improving code coverage, building test case and bugs /defects reports ◦ Continuous Integration and deployment, maintaining build definitions ◦ Designing and architecting service/api specifications and contracts ◦ Designing and architecting for high scale ◦ Designing and architecting for compute, storage, application, security and deployment architecture ◦ Designing and architecting for Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery (BCP DR) ◦ Implementing (developing, testing and monitoring) highly scalable, distributed services ◦ Senior developer consultant responsible to work independently with the clients in designing contracts, defining user stories, implementing them ◦ Write, execute the BVTs, Unit tests and functional tests, monitoring and improving code coverage ◦ Building test plans, test strategy ◦ Code reviews Involved in Application, Security, Operations and Data architecture  Microsoft Store - Commerce Broker Services (CBS) Client: Microsoft Corporation / Group: Devices and Studios (formerly known as IEB) Nov 2011 - Till Sep 2012  Synopsis:  CBS is Service Oriented middle tier component which is responsible for communicating with Microsoft Store front end web site and down-stream systems (SAP, Fulfillment, Payment Gateway etc.) &lt;&gt; * Technologies used: ◦ Windows Azure Queues, Service Bus Topics and subscriptions ◦ WCF ◦ WCF Workflow Services ◦ Entity Framework ◦ MOQ, SpecFlow, NUNit, JMeter * Roles Played:  ◦ Building test plans, test cases, bugs reports, test strategy ◦ Continuous Integration and deployment, maintaining build definitions ◦ Automated unit, performance, integration testing, synthetic testing, data testing ◦ Senior consultant responsible to work independently with the clients in designing contracts, defining user stories, implementing them ◦ Write, execute the BVTs, Unit tests and functional tests ◦ Code reviews ◦ Involved in Application, Security, Operations and Data architecture  BCWeb Wrap Migration to Windows Azure Client: Microsoft Corporation / Group: VLIT Jan 2011 - Oct 2011  Case Study Featured on TechNet    Synopsis:  BCWeb is a Windows Azure ASP.NET Web Role application; authenticated against STS using Federation services that provide a set of Web forms that help capture price exception details, information on business case for doing discounts on price lists, and helps calculate percentage of discount. It uses the ASP.NET connector and custom Web services to pull real-time price information from SAP, and provides sales executives with a light front-end to SAP. BCWeb helps simulate pricing discounts, manage business rules, customize routing and approval workflows, and update the LOB data stored in SAP. One of the major goals of this system is to improve field productivity by simplifying the process and removing training requirements for complex back-end systems, in this case SAP. BCWeb integrates different promotion types into a simplified Web-application. It also allows users to specify business rules using Excel 2007 files and to get notifications in Outlook 2007. Additional goals of this system include: • Reduce revenue leakage by having a business case documented for each promotion field. • Obtain visibility decisions and understand who required a discount and why. • Understand promotion effectiveness and ensure the field is making informed decisions. • Provide a configurable set of files to easily change empowerment guidelines by having a single master data of workflow routing and approvals. • Specific business process in price-execution domain, however, pattern addresses larger solutions space. * Roles Played:  ◦ Responsible for technical architecture ◦ Involved in Application, Security, Operations and Data architecture ◦ Work Estimation and migration assessment ◦ Key Contributor as Windows Azure Developer, Analyst  Origin Digital Cloud Coder Client: Origin Digital Jan 2010 - May 2010  Featured on MSDN  Synopsis:  Origin Digital, a video application service provider that aggregates, transcodes, manages and distributes the digital media files. As part of the business need, they wanted to increase transcoding throughput without increasing capital expense.  As part of the solutioning, the onshore technical architect along with IDC development team put together an approach that allowed - Process intensive digital video transcoding service to-run-on Azure Platform leveraging cloud's real-time scalability and compute capacity. Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS) offering. - Secure all business sensitive information by using On-premise data storage through Azure - An administration module to support Platform as a Service (PaaS) was developed.  The team completed the whole migration activity in 6 weeks using Agile methodology and managed to showcase it successfully in Microsoft PDC 2009 at Los Angeles. The solution resulted in reducing the compute costs by half.    * Technologies used: ASP.Net 3.5, SQL Azure, Windows Azure, Azure Blob/Table Storage, WCF etc.  * Roles Played:  ◦ Over all Application and Data architecture ◦ Designing Auto Scaling Engine (Rules Based) ◦ Leading a team to do daily integration test on cloud ◦ Designing classes/database/user interface. ◦ Coordinating deployment procedure on cloud.  Claims FNOL Client: StateFarm  May 2009 - Aug 2009  Synopsis:  FNOL (First Notice of Loss) is the front end for Insurance Company employees to log the insurance claims. It implements AICS framework which is exposed for other companies to use on Azure as SaaS/multi-tenant (Software-as-service) service.  * Technologies used: ASP.Net 3.5, SQL Azure, Windows Azure, Azure Blob/Table Storage, WCF etc.  * Roles Played:  ◦ Overall Application Architect ◦ Security and database architect  Postal Return Solutions Client: USPS Oct 2009 - Nov 2009  Vision - Electronic Recycling Return Solution to companies which would like to offer a recycling capability on their web sites (like- HP, Dell etc.) - Merchandise Return Solutions for large e-Commerce customers (like- Landsend, Amazon etc) - Parcel Return Solutions to its business partners (like-UPS, FedEx etc.), who would like to leverage USPS provided return solutions.  Approach - Using Silverlight, create rich web-based user interface for calling Electronic Merchandise Return Service Web Tools. - UI should facilitate printing and emailing EMR Labels.  Scope - Create shipping return labels using USPS's 'Electronic Merchandise Return Solution' for key partners (like Dell, WM) that participate in product recycling programs. It involves utilizing USPS public APIs; expand functionality of existing application to create this shipping capability on Windows Azure Platform.    * Technologies used: Silverlight, SQL Azure, Windows Azure, Azure Blob/Table Storage, WCF etc.  * Roles Played:  ◦ Delivery Lead ◦ Overall Application Architect  What's new @ (SaaS, Multi-Tenant mobile application) Client: Starbucks, Coca Cola  Vision - Content Admin (Publisher) prepares and distributes the content to the employees of the organization. - Employees by using the mobile based application forward the content on social networking sites like Twitter, Facebook etc. - Once the users within the network of the employees view/share the content forward, using analytics capture the view/share count. - Branding done using dynamically loading CSSs.  Approach - Using ASP.Net 3.5, create rich web-based user interface for mobile application. - Using ASP.Net 3.5, create rich web-based user interface for publishers. - Use Google, Facebook, BitLy and Twitter analytics to capture the view/share counts.  * Technologies used: ASP.Net 3.5, SQL Azure, Windows Azure, Azure Blob/Table Storage, WCF, Google Analytics, Facebook APIs, Twitter APIS etc.  * Roles Played:  ◦ Delivery Lead ◦ Offshore Technical Architect  GCP Tracker Client: Accenture Internal June2008-Dec 2008  Synopsis:  GCP (Global career program) is a workflow based tool intended to track employees going on onsite assignment for more than 6 months. The GCP process starts when DU Lead nominates an employee for onsite assignment and ends when employee comes back to home location. It caters to all GCP processes involved at home country as well as processes involved at Host country.  * Technologies used: ASP.Net 2.0, SQL 2005, Windows Workflow Foundation * Roles Played: ◦ Offshore Technical Architect, Dev Lead ◦ Designing solution with the help of Senior Architects. ◦ Designing integration interface ◦ Was responsible for drawing/ implementing complex workflow using WF. ◦ Leading a team responsible for implementing Change Requests. ◦ Coordinating deployment procedures.    Abacus DSM Client: Accenture Internal June2006-June 2008  Synopsis: Abacus Demand Supply Management was developed for Accenture HR/Scheduling/Sales teams by CIO (Chief Information Office)  * Technologies used: ASP.Net, SQL 2005  * Roles Played: ◦ Technical Architect, Dev Lead ◦ Leading a team responsible for implementing Change Requests. ◦ Talking/calling/interviewing clients to gather requirements. Documenting it. Getting sign-off on it. ◦ Coordinating Internal, User Acceptance, Integration and Performance Testing. ◦ Leading Production Support team. ◦ Build Manager.  CFE Client: Bombay Stock Exchange October 2005 - June 2006  Synopsis:  CFE system (Common Front End System) is a trading platform for member (and traders of members) of BSE to trade in Multi exchange, Multi segments for trader authentication developed by CMC Ltd. It is designed to facilitate Members with centralized access rights management (has inbuilt Risk Management Server) and enable member to have a centralized Client-level Risk Management at the Broker Office, wherein the risk for a client will be checked across all traders associated with the broker for trading carried out in all segments and on any of the exchanges, centrally at one location.  * Technologies used: Windows Forms (using C#), MS SQL * Roles Played: Dev Lead, Technical Architect, Requirements gathering and analysis, Design, CMM-i documentation, writing BRS, FSD, and Program Specs etc.  Bond Clinician Client: Bond Technologies November 2004 - October 2005  Synopsis:  Clinician is a complete healthcare solution for any clinic and hospital. It has got interface both for Patients and doctors/physician. It has the capability of generating all sorts of lab reports etc and has a full-fledged Document Management System wherein clinics can maintain and scan all documents and reports in the scanned format. It also uses the third-party interface for Health Insurance.  * Technologies used: ASP.Net web forms (using VB.Net), MS SQL, MSMQ * Roles Played: Developer, Database Design, Implementation and Testing
[10612, 10620] Girish Acharya Technical Architect & Sr. Software Engineer  Pune, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Girish-Acharya/6757f94ee9f4ec23  I would like to describe myself as a hard-core software engineer and technical architect passionate for technology and someone who loves to take challenges head-on. I have been using combined engineering principles wherein I was responsible for designing, developing, testing, deploying and monitoring highly scalable distributed applications and services.   While I have always been working using Microsoft technologies, I got chance to work for Microsoft in as a full-time employee last year. My focus as part of this role was as a Dev Ops/Site Reliability Engineer. The main requirement of this role was to keep-lights-on in all data centers for Windows Developer Center. While Service Engineering aspect was the main requirement, I used my technical architect and software tools for inside-out and outside-in monitoring and telemetry.   As a technical architect, I have worked in Accenture for about 7+ years. My role @ Microsoft account was to demonstrate technical leadership, design technical architecture, propose and introduce standard design and architectural patterns and practices, incorporate new requirements and feedbacks from client and execute multiple quick prototypes. As part of this role – I architected Microsoft IT’s (MSIT) biggest Platform As A Service (PaaS) solution back in the days.  I have executed multiple client facing projects wherein I was responsible for designing, architecting the compute, storage, application and deployment architecture. I have experience in designing and architecting systems for Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery (BCP/ DR strategies). I have designed and architected solutions for “Testing in production”. I have experience in designing and architecting for extremely high scale (~ 3 billion requests/day). I have designed and implemented auto healing, smooth traffic routing and eventual consistency in multiple client facing projects.   I am in the Information Technology industry since 2001 working for various software organizations in India for 4 years till I joined Accenture in 2006. I came to USA in 2010 and was working as consultant for Microsoft. I joined Microsoft in May 2015 as a full-time employee. I earned my Electronics Engineering degree in year 2000, Diploma in Advance Computing degree in year 2001 and completed Microsoft Certified Professional Developer and Enterprise Architect certification (MCPDEA) in year 2007. I am also Microsoft Azure Certified Developer and Architect.   I am frequent community contributor. I blog at http://girishthegeek.wordpress.com/   I have worked and published an asset called Framework for Ops Team considering Windows Azure and it was very well received by the clients and appreciated by the managers.  I wrote a white paper related to AppFabric Service Bus which got published in MSDN.  Willing to relocate: Anywhere  https://www.indeed.com/r/Girish-Acharya/6757f94ee9f4ec23?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   WORK EXPERIENCE  Technical Architect  Accenture Services -  Pune, Maharashtra  Software Engineer 2  Microsoft -  Redmond -  June 2016 to February 2017  Engagement and monetization (Microsoft – Universal Store/Windows Developer Center) June 2016– Recently   〓 Technologies used: Microsoft Azure, C#, SQL, PowerShell, App Insights, Azure Data Factory, Redis Cache, API Management Gateway, Azure App Services, Akamai, Azure CDNs, Azure Traffic Manager, Automated Unit Testing, Web Testing, Coded Unit Tests, Performance Testing etc. Tools – SpecFlow, JMeter, Junit, NUNit, MoQ, Fluent Assertions, VSTS, GIT, Microsoft Test Manager, Continuous Integration and deployment, maintaining build definitions   〓 Roles Played:  o Technical architect  o Designing and architecting for compute, storage, application, security and deployment architecture  o Designing and architecting for Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery (BCP DR) o Designing and architecting for the Testing In Production (TIP) o Designing and architecting for auto healing and auto scaling pattern  o Designing and developing for monitoring  〓 Design and develop inside out and outside in monitoring and logging  〓 Design and develop synthetic web tests 〓 Design and develop watchdogs  o Design and develop the global traffic management using Akamai  o Keeping lights on for the services in all data centers  o Firefighting drills and actual firefighting  o Live site issue tracking, management, coordination and resolving  o Capacity monitoring and management  o Code reviews  o Implemented the security architecture  EDUCATION  Bachelor of Engineering in Microsoft  C-DAC    SKILLS  Azure (8 years), Asp.Net (8 years), C# (9 years), Web API (6 years), Sql (6 years), Technical Architect (5 years), Automation Testing (5 years)  LINKS  http://girishthegeek.wordpress.com/  https://www.linkedin.com/in/girishazure  CERTIFICATIONS/LICENSES  Microsoft Certified Professional Developer  Microsoft Certified Professional Developer  Microsoft Certified Enterprise Architect  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Technical Expertise  *Technical Architecture, Microsoft Azure Platform, Microsoft .NET Platform, C#, ASP.NET*  * Designing/Architecting/Building/Testing/Deploying apps/APIs using Windows Azure, SQL Azure, Azure Storage, REST/WCF, AppFabric Cache, Service Bus, Topic and Subscription, Access Control Services from last 7 years. * Azure Application Architecture: Web Role, Worker Role, VM Role, admin mode, start-up tasks integrating with on premise services using App Fabric Service Bus * Azure Security Architecture: Web Role security using SSL, WCF Security using certificates, Data Encryption using certificates, Authentication using ADFS/STS, Single sign on using ACS. Participated in ACE reviews, and provisioned related documentation/code * Azure Operations Architecture: Logging and monitoring using Windows Azure Diagnostics, integration with AVICode, SCOM, disaster recovering and business continuity planning and implementation, automated builds and deployments. * Azure Data Architecture: Understands SQL Azure, Windows Azure Storage (Tables, Blobs, Queues), Document DB, SQL Azure Data Sync, SQL Azure Federation etc. * Deployment Architecture: Continuous integration and deployment. Auto Build, Deployment using Service Management APIs and PowerShell cmdlets * Akamai - design and implement traffic management, caching using Akamai * Azure traffic manager, CDNs, Azure Data Factory, Auto Scaling * Deployment automation and synthetic monitoring using application insights * Developing end to end APIs and applications using ASP.NET Web Forms, ASP.NET MVC, Web API * Performance Testing: Performance, scalability testing using Visual Studio * Automated Testing: Automated Unit Testing, Web Testing, Coded Unit Tests, Performance Testing etc. Tools - SpecFlow, Jmeter, Junit, NUNit, MoQ, Fluent Assertions, VSTS, GIT * Big Data: Architected and developed a big solution using Windows Azure HD Insight, Hive queries  http://girishthegeek.wordpress.com/ https://www.linkedin.com/in/girishazure   Projects Undertaken Engagement and monetization (Microsoft - Universal Store/Windows Developer Center) June 2016- Recently  * Technologies used: Microsoft Azure, C#, SQL, PowerShell, App Insights, Azure Data Factory, Redis Cache, API Management Gateway, Azure App Services, Akamai, Azure CDNs, Azure Traffic Manager, Automated Unit Testing, Web Testing, Coded Unit Tests, Performance Testing etc. Tools - SpecFlow, JMeter, Junit, NUNit, MoQ, Fluent Assertions, VSTS, GIT, Microsoft Test Manager, Continuous Integration and deployment, maintaining build definitions  * Roles Played:  ◦ Technical architect ◦ Designing and architecting for compute, storage, application, security and deployment architecture ◦ Designing and architecting for Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery (BCP DR) ◦ Designing and architecting for the Testing In Production (TIP) ◦ Designing and architecting for auto healing and auto scaling pattern ◦ Designing and developing for monitoring * Design and develop inside out and outside in monitoring and logging * Design and develop synthetic web tests * Design and develop watchdogs ◦ Design and develop the global traffic management using Akamai ◦ Keeping lights on for the services in all data centers ◦ Firefighting drills and actual firefighting ◦ Live site issue tracking, management, coordination and resolving ◦ Capacity monitoring and management ◦ Code reviews ◦ Implemented the security architecture  Channel inclusion Services - (CIS) Client: Microsoft Corporation / Group: Devices and Studios (formerly known as IEB) Sep 2012- June 2015  Synopsis:  CIS is bunch of REST, SOAP services exposed to around 250+ partners dealing with end-to-end retail workflow for around 2 million transactions/day. Microsoft uses these services to distribute the digital goods (Windows, Office and so on.) . It also takes care of the brick and mortar scenario where in customers walk into the shop to buy Microsoft products &lt;&gt; * Technologies used: ◦ Windows Azure - Web Roles, Worker Roles, ASP.NET Web API, ASP.NET MVC and Web Forms, WCF, Service Bus, Azure Storage ◦ SQL Azure, HD Insight, Azure Scheduler ◦ Entity Framework ◦ MOQ, SpecFlow, NUNit, JMeter, RhinoMock * Roles Played:    ◦ Automated unit, performance, integration testing, synthetic testing, data testing, monitoring and improving code coverage, building test case and bugs /defects reports ◦ Continuous Integration and deployment, maintaining build definitions ◦ Designing and architecting service/api specifications and contracts ◦ Designing and architecting for high scale ◦ Designing and architecting for compute, storage, application, security and deployment architecture ◦ Designing and architecting for Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery (BCP DR) ◦ Implementing (developing, testing and monitoring) highly scalable, distributed services ◦ Senior developer consultant responsible to work independently with the clients in designing contracts, defining user stories, implementing them ◦ Write, execute the BVTs, Unit tests and functional tests, monitoring and improving code coverage ◦ Building test plans, test strategy ◦ Code reviews Involved in Application, Security, Operations and Data architecture  Microsoft Store - Commerce Broker Services (CBS) Client: Microsoft Corporation / Group: Devices and Studios (formerly known as IEB) Nov 2011 - Till Sep 2012  Synopsis:  CBS is Service Oriented middle tier component which is responsible for communicating with Microsoft Store front end web site and down-stream systems (SAP, Fulfillment, Payment Gateway etc.) &lt;&gt; * Technologies used: ◦ Windows Azure Queues, Service Bus Topics and subscriptions ◦ WCF ◦ WCF Workflow Services ◦ Entity Framework ◦ MOQ, SpecFlow, NUNit, JMeter * Roles Played:  ◦ Building test plans, test cases, bugs reports, test strategy ◦ Continuous Integration and deployment, maintaining build definitions ◦ Automated unit, performance, integration testing, synthetic testing, data testing ◦ Senior consultant responsible to work independently with the clients in designing contracts, defining user stories, implementing them ◦ Write, execute the BVTs, Unit tests and functional tests ◦ Code reviews ◦ Involved in Application, Security, Operations and Data architecture  BCWeb Wrap Migration to Windows Azure Client: Microsoft Corporation / Group: VLIT Jan 2011 - Oct 2011  Case Study Featured on TechNet    Synopsis:  BCWeb is a Windows Azure ASP.NET Web Role application; authenticated against STS using Federation services that provide a set of Web forms that help capture price exception details, information on business case for doing discounts on price lists, and helps calculate percentage of discount. It uses the ASP.NET connector and custom Web services to pull real-time price information from SAP, and provides sales executives with a light front-end to SAP. BCWeb helps simulate pricing discounts, manage business rules, customize routing and approval workflows, and update the LOB data stored in SAP. One of the major goals of this system is to improve field productivity by simplifying the process and removing training requirements for complex back-end systems, in this case SAP. BCWeb integrates different promotion types into a simplified Web-application. It also allows users to specify business rules using Excel 2007 files and to get notifications in Outlook 2007. Additional goals of this system include: • Reduce revenue leakage by having a business case documented for each promotion field. • Obtain visibility decisions and understand who required a discount and why. • Understand promotion effectiveness and ensure the field is making informed decisions. • Provide a configurable set of files to easily change empowerment guidelines by having a single master data of workflow routing and approvals. • Specific business process in price-execution domain, however, pattern addresses larger solutions space. * Roles Played:  ◦ Responsible for technical architecture ◦ Involved in Application, Security, Operations and Data architecture ◦ Work Estimation and migration assessment ◦ Key Contributor as Windows Azure Developer, Analyst  Origin Digital Cloud Coder Client: Origin Digital Jan 2010 - May 2010  Featured on MSDN  Synopsis:  Origin Digital, a video application service provider that aggregates, transcodes, manages and distributes the digital media files. As part of the business need, they wanted to increase transcoding throughput without increasing capital expense.  As part of the solutioning, the onshore technical architect along with IDC development team put together an approach that allowed - Process intensive digital video transcoding service to-run-on Azure Platform leveraging cloud's real-time scalability and compute capacity. Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS) offering. - Secure all business sensitive information by using On-premise data storage through Azure - An administration module to support Platform as a Service (PaaS) was developed.  The team completed the whole migration activity in 6 weeks using Agile methodology and managed to showcase it successfully in Microsoft PDC 2009 at Los Angeles. The solution resulted in reducing the compute costs by half.    * Technologies used: ASP.Net 3.5, SQL Azure, Windows Azure, Azure Blob/Table Storage, WCF etc.  * Roles Played:  ◦ Over all Application and Data architecture ◦ Designing Auto Scaling Engine (Rules Based) ◦ Leading a team to do daily integration test on cloud ◦ Designing classes/database/user interface. ◦ Coordinating deployment procedure on cloud.  Claims FNOL Client: StateFarm  May 2009 - Aug 2009  Synopsis:  FNOL (First Notice of Loss) is the front end for Insurance Company employees to log the insurance claims. It implements AICS framework which is exposed for other companies to use on Azure as SaaS/multi-tenant (Software-as-service) service.  * Technologies used: ASP.Net 3.5, SQL Azure, Windows Azure, Azure Blob/Table Storage, WCF etc.  * Roles Played:  ◦ Overall Application Architect ◦ Security and database architect  Postal Return Solutions Client: USPS Oct 2009 - Nov 2009  Vision - Electronic Recycling Return Solution to companies which would like to offer a recycling capability on their web sites (like- HP, Dell etc.) - Merchandise Return Solutions for large e-Commerce customers (like- Landsend, Amazon etc) - Parcel Return Solutions to its business partners (like-UPS, FedEx etc.), who would like to leverage USPS provided return solutions.  Approach - Using Silverlight, create rich web-based user interface for calling Electronic Merchandise Return Service Web Tools. - UI should facilitate printing and emailing EMR Labels.  Scope - Create shipping return labels using USPS's 'Electronic Merchandise Return Solution' for key partners (like Dell, WM) that participate in product recycling programs. It involves utilizing USPS public APIs; expand functionality of existing application to create this shipping capability on Windows Azure Platform.    * Technologies used: Silverlight, SQL Azure, Windows Azure, Azure Blob/Table Storage, WCF etc.  * Roles Played:  ◦ Delivery Lead ◦ Overall Application Architect  What's new @ (SaaS, Multi-Tenant mobile application) Client: Starbucks, Coca Cola  Vision - Content Admin (Publisher) prepares and distributes the content to the employees of the organization. - Employees by using the mobile based application forward the content on social networking sites like Twitter, Facebook etc. - Once the users within the network of the employees view/share the content forward, using analytics capture the view/share count. - Branding done using dynamically loading CSSs.  Approach - Using ASP.Net 3.5, create rich web-based user interface for mobile application. - Using ASP.Net 3.5, create rich web-based user interface for publishers. - Use Google, Facebook, BitLy and Twitter analytics to capture the view/share counts.  * Technologies used: ASP.Net 3.5, SQL Azure, Windows Azure, Azure Blob/Table Storage, WCF, Google Analytics, Facebook APIs, Twitter APIS etc.  * Roles Played:  ◦ Delivery Lead ◦ Offshore Technical Architect  GCP Tracker Client: Accenture Internal June2008-Dec 2008  Synopsis:  GCP (Global career program) is a workflow based tool intended to track employees going on onsite assignment for more than 6 months. The GCP process starts when DU Lead nominates an employee for onsite assignment and ends when employee comes back to home location. It caters to all GCP processes involved at home country as well as processes involved at Host country.  * Technologies used: ASP.Net 2.0, SQL 2005, Windows Workflow Foundation * Roles Played: ◦ Offshore Technical Architect, Dev Lead ◦ Designing solution with the help of Senior Architects. ◦ Designing integration interface ◦ Was responsible for drawing/ implementing complex workflow using WF. ◦ Leading a team responsible for implementing Change Requests. ◦ Coordinating deployment procedures.    Abacus DSM Client: Accenture Internal June2006-June 2008  Synopsis: Abacus Demand Supply Management was developed for Accenture HR/Scheduling/Sales teams by CIO (Chief Information Office)  * Technologies used: ASP.Net, SQL 2005  * Roles Played: ◦ Technical Architect, Dev Lead ◦ Leading a team responsible for implementing Change Requests. ◦ Talking/calling/interviewing clients to gather requirements. Documenting it. Getting sign-off on it. ◦ Coordinating Internal, User Acceptance, Integration and Performance Testing. ◦ Leading Production Support team. ◦ Build Manager.  CFE Client: Bombay Stock Exchange October 2005 - June 2006  Synopsis:  CFE system (Common Front End System) is a trading platform for member (and traders of members) of BSE to trade in Multi exchange, Multi segments for trader authentication developed by CMC Ltd. It is designed to facilitate Members with centralized access rights management (has inbuilt Risk Management Server) and enable member to have a centralized Client-level Risk Management at the Broker Office, wherein the risk for a client will be checked across all traders associated with the broker for trading carried out in all segments and on any of the exchanges, centrally at one location.  * Technologies used: Windows Forms (using C#), MS SQL * Roles Played: Dev Lead, Technical Architect, Requirements gathering and analysis, Design, CMM-i documentation, writing BRS, FSD, and Program Specs etc.  Bond Clinician Client: Bond Technologies November 2004 - October 2005  Synopsis:  Clinician is a complete healthcare solution for any clinic and hospital. It has got interface both for Patients and doctors/physician. It has the capability of generating all sorts of lab reports etc and has a full-fledged Document Management System wherein clinics can maintain and scan all documents and reports in the scanned format. It also uses the third-party interface for Health Insurance.  * Technologies used: ASP.Net web forms (using VB.Net), MS SQL, MSMQ * Roles Played: Developer, Database Design, Implementation and Testing
[10409, 10418] Girish Acharya Technical Architect & Sr. Software Engineer  Pune, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Girish-Acharya/6757f94ee9f4ec23  I would like to describe myself as a hard-core software engineer and technical architect passionate for technology and someone who loves to take challenges head-on. I have been using combined engineering principles wherein I was responsible for designing, developing, testing, deploying and monitoring highly scalable distributed applications and services.   While I have always been working using Microsoft technologies, I got chance to work for Microsoft in as a full-time employee last year. My focus as part of this role was as a Dev Ops/Site Reliability Engineer. The main requirement of this role was to keep-lights-on in all data centers for Windows Developer Center. While Service Engineering aspect was the main requirement, I used my technical architect and software tools for inside-out and outside-in monitoring and telemetry.   As a technical architect, I have worked in Accenture for about 7+ years. My role @ Microsoft account was to demonstrate technical leadership, design technical architecture, propose and introduce standard design and architectural patterns and practices, incorporate new requirements and feedbacks from client and execute multiple quick prototypes. As part of this role – I architected Microsoft IT’s (MSIT) biggest Platform As A Service (PaaS) solution back in the days.  I have executed multiple client facing projects wherein I was responsible for designing, architecting the compute, storage, application and deployment architecture. I have experience in designing and architecting systems for Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery (BCP/ DR strategies). I have designed and architected solutions for “Testing in production”. I have experience in designing and architecting for extremely high scale (~ 3 billion requests/day). I have designed and implemented auto healing, smooth traffic routing and eventual consistency in multiple client facing projects.   I am in the Information Technology industry since 2001 working for various software organizations in India for 4 years till I joined Accenture in 2006. I came to USA in 2010 and was working as consultant for Microsoft. I joined Microsoft in May 2015 as a full-time employee. I earned my Electronics Engineering degree in year 2000, Diploma in Advance Computing degree in year 2001 and completed Microsoft Certified Professional Developer and Enterprise Architect certification (MCPDEA) in year 2007. I am also Microsoft Azure Certified Developer and Architect.   I am frequent community contributor. I blog at http://girishthegeek.wordpress.com/   I have worked and published an asset called Framework for Ops Team considering Windows Azure and it was very well received by the clients and appreciated by the managers.  I wrote a white paper related to AppFabric Service Bus which got published in MSDN.  Willing to relocate: Anywhere  https://www.indeed.com/r/Girish-Acharya/6757f94ee9f4ec23?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   WORK EXPERIENCE  Technical Architect  Accenture Services -  Pune, Maharashtra  Software Engineer 2  Microsoft -  Redmond -  June 2016 to February 2017  Engagement and monetization (Microsoft – Universal Store/Windows Developer Center) June 2016– Recently   〓 Technologies used: Microsoft Azure, C#, SQL, PowerShell, App Insights, Azure Data Factory, Redis Cache, API Management Gateway, Azure App Services, Akamai, Azure CDNs, Azure Traffic Manager, Automated Unit Testing, Web Testing, Coded Unit Tests, Performance Testing etc. Tools – SpecFlow, JMeter, Junit, NUNit, MoQ, Fluent Assertions, VSTS, GIT, Microsoft Test Manager, Continuous Integration and deployment, maintaining build definitions   〓 Roles Played:  o Technical architect  o Designing and architecting for compute, storage, application, security and deployment architecture  o Designing and architecting for Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery (BCP DR) o Designing and architecting for the Testing In Production (TIP) o Designing and architecting for auto healing and auto scaling pattern  o Designing and developing for monitoring  〓 Design and develop inside out and outside in monitoring and logging  〓 Design and develop synthetic web tests 〓 Design and develop watchdogs  o Design and develop the global traffic management using Akamai  o Keeping lights on for the services in all data centers  o Firefighting drills and actual firefighting  o Live site issue tracking, management, coordination and resolving  o Capacity monitoring and management  o Code reviews  o Implemented the security architecture  EDUCATION  Bachelor of Engineering in Microsoft  C-DAC    SKILLS  Azure (8 years), Asp.Net (8 years), C# (9 years), Web API (6 years), Sql (6 years), Technical Architect (5 years), Automation Testing (5 years)  LINKS  http://girishthegeek.wordpress.com/  https://www.linkedin.com/in/girishazure  CERTIFICATIONS/LICENSES  Microsoft Certified Professional Developer  Microsoft Certified Professional Developer  Microsoft Certified Enterprise Architect  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Technical Expertise  *Technical Architecture, Microsoft Azure Platform, Microsoft .NET Platform, C#, ASP.NET*  * Designing/Architecting/Building/Testing/Deploying apps/APIs using Windows Azure, SQL Azure, Azure Storage, REST/WCF, AppFabric Cache, Service Bus, Topic and Subscription, Access Control Services from last 7 years. * Azure Application Architecture: Web Role, Worker Role, VM Role, admin mode, start-up tasks integrating with on premise services using App Fabric Service Bus * Azure Security Architecture: Web Role security using SSL, WCF Security using certificates, Data Encryption using certificates, Authentication using ADFS/STS, Single sign on using ACS. Participated in ACE reviews, and provisioned related documentation/code * Azure Operations Architecture: Logging and monitoring using Windows Azure Diagnostics, integration with AVICode, SCOM, disaster recovering and business continuity planning and implementation, automated builds and deployments. * Azure Data Architecture: Understands SQL Azure, Windows Azure Storage (Tables, Blobs, Queues), Document DB, SQL Azure Data Sync, SQL Azure Federation etc. * Deployment Architecture: Continuous integration and deployment. Auto Build, Deployment using Service Management APIs and PowerShell cmdlets * Akamai - design and implement traffic management, caching using Akamai * Azure traffic manager, CDNs, Azure Data Factory, Auto Scaling * Deployment automation and synthetic monitoring using application insights * Developing end to end APIs and applications using ASP.NET Web Forms, ASP.NET MVC, Web API * Performance Testing: Performance, scalability testing using Visual Studio * Automated Testing: Automated Unit Testing, Web Testing, Coded Unit Tests, Performance Testing etc. Tools - SpecFlow, Jmeter, Junit, NUNit, MoQ, Fluent Assertions, VSTS, GIT * Big Data: Architected and developed a big solution using Windows Azure HD Insight, Hive queries  http://girishthegeek.wordpress.com/ https://www.linkedin.com/in/girishazure   Projects Undertaken Engagement and monetization (Microsoft - Universal Store/Windows Developer Center) June 2016- Recently  * Technologies used: Microsoft Azure, C#, SQL, PowerShell, App Insights, Azure Data Factory, Redis Cache, API Management Gateway, Azure App Services, Akamai, Azure CDNs, Azure Traffic Manager, Automated Unit Testing, Web Testing, Coded Unit Tests, Performance Testing etc. Tools - SpecFlow, JMeter, Junit, NUNit, MoQ, Fluent Assertions, VSTS, GIT, Microsoft Test Manager, Continuous Integration and deployment, maintaining build definitions  * Roles Played:  ◦ Technical architect ◦ Designing and architecting for compute, storage, application, security and deployment architecture ◦ Designing and architecting for Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery (BCP DR) ◦ Designing and architecting for the Testing In Production (TIP) ◦ Designing and architecting for auto healing and auto scaling pattern ◦ Designing and developing for monitoring * Design and develop inside out and outside in monitoring and logging * Design and develop synthetic web tests * Design and develop watchdogs ◦ Design and develop the global traffic management using Akamai ◦ Keeping lights on for the services in all data centers ◦ Firefighting drills and actual firefighting ◦ Live site issue tracking, management, coordination and resolving ◦ Capacity monitoring and management ◦ Code reviews ◦ Implemented the security architecture  Channel inclusion Services - (CIS) Client: Microsoft Corporation / Group: Devices and Studios (formerly known as IEB) Sep 2012- June 2015  Synopsis:  CIS is bunch of REST, SOAP services exposed to around 250+ partners dealing with end-to-end retail workflow for around 2 million transactions/day. Microsoft uses these services to distribute the digital goods (Windows, Office and so on.) . It also takes care of the brick and mortar scenario where in customers walk into the shop to buy Microsoft products &lt;&gt; * Technologies used: ◦ Windows Azure - Web Roles, Worker Roles, ASP.NET Web API, ASP.NET MVC and Web Forms, WCF, Service Bus, Azure Storage ◦ SQL Azure, HD Insight, Azure Scheduler ◦ Entity Framework ◦ MOQ, SpecFlow, NUNit, JMeter, RhinoMock * Roles Played:    ◦ Automated unit, performance, integration testing, synthetic testing, data testing, monitoring and improving code coverage, building test case and bugs /defects reports ◦ Continuous Integration and deployment, maintaining build definitions ◦ Designing and architecting service/api specifications and contracts ◦ Designing and architecting for high scale ◦ Designing and architecting for compute, storage, application, security and deployment architecture ◦ Designing and architecting for Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery (BCP DR) ◦ Implementing (developing, testing and monitoring) highly scalable, distributed services ◦ Senior developer consultant responsible to work independently with the clients in designing contracts, defining user stories, implementing them ◦ Write, execute the BVTs, Unit tests and functional tests, monitoring and improving code coverage ◦ Building test plans, test strategy ◦ Code reviews Involved in Application, Security, Operations and Data architecture  Microsoft Store - Commerce Broker Services (CBS) Client: Microsoft Corporation / Group: Devices and Studios (formerly known as IEB) Nov 2011 - Till Sep 2012  Synopsis:  CBS is Service Oriented middle tier component which is responsible for communicating with Microsoft Store front end web site and down-stream systems (SAP, Fulfillment, Payment Gateway etc.) &lt;&gt; * Technologies used: ◦ Windows Azure Queues, Service Bus Topics and subscriptions ◦ WCF ◦ WCF Workflow Services ◦ Entity Framework ◦ MOQ, SpecFlow, NUNit, JMeter * Roles Played:  ◦ Building test plans, test cases, bugs reports, test strategy ◦ Continuous Integration and deployment, maintaining build definitions ◦ Automated unit, performance, integration testing, synthetic testing, data testing ◦ Senior consultant responsible to work independently with the clients in designing contracts, defining user stories, implementing them ◦ Write, execute the BVTs, Unit tests and functional tests ◦ Code reviews ◦ Involved in Application, Security, Operations and Data architecture  BCWeb Wrap Migration to Windows Azure Client: Microsoft Corporation / Group: VLIT Jan 2011 - Oct 2011  Case Study Featured on TechNet    Synopsis:  BCWeb is a Windows Azure ASP.NET Web Role application; authenticated against STS using Federation services that provide a set of Web forms that help capture price exception details, information on business case for doing discounts on price lists, and helps calculate percentage of discount. It uses the ASP.NET connector and custom Web services to pull real-time price information from SAP, and provides sales executives with a light front-end to SAP. BCWeb helps simulate pricing discounts, manage business rules, customize routing and approval workflows, and update the LOB data stored in SAP. One of the major goals of this system is to improve field productivity by simplifying the process and removing training requirements for complex back-end systems, in this case SAP. BCWeb integrates different promotion types into a simplified Web-application. It also allows users to specify business rules using Excel 2007 files and to get notifications in Outlook 2007. Additional goals of this system include: • Reduce revenue leakage by having a business case documented for each promotion field. • Obtain visibility decisions and understand who required a discount and why. • Understand promotion effectiveness and ensure the field is making informed decisions. • Provide a configurable set of files to easily change empowerment guidelines by having a single master data of workflow routing and approvals. • Specific business process in price-execution domain, however, pattern addresses larger solutions space. * Roles Played:  ◦ Responsible for technical architecture ◦ Involved in Application, Security, Operations and Data architecture ◦ Work Estimation and migration assessment ◦ Key Contributor as Windows Azure Developer, Analyst  Origin Digital Cloud Coder Client: Origin Digital Jan 2010 - May 2010  Featured on MSDN  Synopsis:  Origin Digital, a video application service provider that aggregates, transcodes, manages and distributes the digital media files. As part of the business need, they wanted to increase transcoding throughput without increasing capital expense.  As part of the solutioning, the onshore technical architect along with IDC development team put together an approach that allowed - Process intensive digital video transcoding service to-run-on Azure Platform leveraging cloud's real-time scalability and compute capacity. Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS) offering. - Secure all business sensitive information by using On-premise data storage through Azure - An administration module to support Platform as a Service (PaaS) was developed.  The team completed the whole migration activity in 6 weeks using Agile methodology and managed to showcase it successfully in Microsoft PDC 2009 at Los Angeles. The solution resulted in reducing the compute costs by half.    * Technologies used: ASP.Net 3.5, SQL Azure, Windows Azure, Azure Blob/Table Storage, WCF etc.  * Roles Played:  ◦ Over all Application and Data architecture ◦ Designing Auto Scaling Engine (Rules Based) ◦ Leading a team to do daily integration test on cloud ◦ Designing classes/database/user interface. ◦ Coordinating deployment procedure on cloud.  Claims FNOL Client: StateFarm  May 2009 - Aug 2009  Synopsis:  FNOL (First Notice of Loss) is the front end for Insurance Company employees to log the insurance claims. It implements AICS framework which is exposed for other companies to use on Azure as SaaS/multi-tenant (Software-as-service) service.  * Technologies used: ASP.Net 3.5, SQL Azure, Windows Azure, Azure Blob/Table Storage, WCF etc.  * Roles Played:  ◦ Overall Application Architect ◦ Security and database architect  Postal Return Solutions Client: USPS Oct 2009 - Nov 2009  Vision - Electronic Recycling Return Solution to companies which would like to offer a recycling capability on their web sites (like- HP, Dell etc.) - Merchandise Return Solutions for large e-Commerce customers (like- Landsend, Amazon etc) - Parcel Return Solutions to its business partners (like-UPS, FedEx etc.), who would like to leverage USPS provided return solutions.  Approach - Using Silverlight, create rich web-based user interface for calling Electronic Merchandise Return Service Web Tools. - UI should facilitate printing and emailing EMR Labels.  Scope - Create shipping return labels using USPS's 'Electronic Merchandise Return Solution' for key partners (like Dell, WM) that participate in product recycling programs. It involves utilizing USPS public APIs; expand functionality of existing application to create this shipping capability on Windows Azure Platform.    * Technologies used: Silverlight, SQL Azure, Windows Azure, Azure Blob/Table Storage, WCF etc.  * Roles Played:  ◦ Delivery Lead ◦ Overall Application Architect  What's new @ (SaaS, Multi-Tenant mobile application) Client: Starbucks, Coca Cola  Vision - Content Admin (Publisher) prepares and distributes the content to the employees of the organization. - Employees by using the mobile based application forward the content on social networking sites like Twitter, Facebook etc. - Once the users within the network of the employees view/share the content forward, using analytics capture the view/share count. - Branding done using dynamically loading CSSs.  Approach - Using ASP.Net 3.5, create rich web-based user interface for mobile application. - Using ASP.Net 3.5, create rich web-based user interface for publishers. - Use Google, Facebook, BitLy and Twitter analytics to capture the view/share counts.  * Technologies used: ASP.Net 3.5, SQL Azure, Windows Azure, Azure Blob/Table Storage, WCF, Google Analytics, Facebook APIs, Twitter APIS etc.  * Roles Played:  ◦ Delivery Lead ◦ Offshore Technical Architect  GCP Tracker Client: Accenture Internal June2008-Dec 2008  Synopsis:  GCP (Global career program) is a workflow based tool intended to track employees going on onsite assignment for more than 6 months. The GCP process starts when DU Lead nominates an employee for onsite assignment and ends when employee comes back to home location. It caters to all GCP processes involved at home country as well as processes involved at Host country.  * Technologies used: ASP.Net 2.0, SQL 2005, Windows Workflow Foundation * Roles Played: ◦ Offshore Technical Architect, Dev Lead ◦ Designing solution with the help of Senior Architects. ◦ Designing integration interface ◦ Was responsible for drawing/ implementing complex workflow using WF. ◦ Leading a team responsible for implementing Change Requests. ◦ Coordinating deployment procedures.    Abacus DSM Client: Accenture Internal June2006-June 2008  Synopsis: Abacus Demand Supply Management was developed for Accenture HR/Scheduling/Sales teams by CIO (Chief Information Office)  * Technologies used: ASP.Net, SQL 2005  * Roles Played: ◦ Technical Architect, Dev Lead ◦ Leading a team responsible for implementing Change Requests. ◦ Talking/calling/interviewing clients to gather requirements. Documenting it. Getting sign-off on it. ◦ Coordinating Internal, User Acceptance, Integration and Performance Testing. ◦ Leading Production Support team. ◦ Build Manager.  CFE Client: Bombay Stock Exchange October 2005 - June 2006  Synopsis:  CFE system (Common Front End System) is a trading platform for member (and traders of members) of BSE to trade in Multi exchange, Multi segments for trader authentication developed by CMC Ltd. It is designed to facilitate Members with centralized access rights management (has inbuilt Risk Management Server) and enable member to have a centralized Client-level Risk Management at the Broker Office, wherein the risk for a client will be checked across all traders associated with the broker for trading carried out in all segments and on any of the exchanges, centrally at one location.  * Technologies used: Windows Forms (using C#), MS SQL * Roles Played: Dev Lead, Technical Architect, Requirements gathering and analysis, Design, CMM-i documentation, writing BRS, FSD, and Program Specs etc.  Bond Clinician Client: Bond Technologies November 2004 - October 2005  Synopsis:  Clinician is a complete healthcare solution for any clinic and hospital. It has got interface both for Patients and doctors/physician. It has the capability of generating all sorts of lab reports etc and has a full-fledged Document Management System wherein clinics can maintain and scan all documents and reports in the scanned format. It also uses the third-party interface for Health Insurance.  * Technologies used: ASP.Net web forms (using VB.Net), MS SQL, MSMQ * Roles Played: Developer, Database Design, Implementation and Testing
[10352, 10361] Girish Acharya Technical Architect & Sr. Software Engineer  Pune, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Girish-Acharya/6757f94ee9f4ec23  I would like to describe myself as a hard-core software engineer and technical architect passionate for technology and someone who loves to take challenges head-on. I have been using combined engineering principles wherein I was responsible for designing, developing, testing, deploying and monitoring highly scalable distributed applications and services.   While I have always been working using Microsoft technologies, I got chance to work for Microsoft in as a full-time employee last year. My focus as part of this role was as a Dev Ops/Site Reliability Engineer. The main requirement of this role was to keep-lights-on in all data centers for Windows Developer Center. While Service Engineering aspect was the main requirement, I used my technical architect and software tools for inside-out and outside-in monitoring and telemetry.   As a technical architect, I have worked in Accenture for about 7+ years. My role @ Microsoft account was to demonstrate technical leadership, design technical architecture, propose and introduce standard design and architectural patterns and practices, incorporate new requirements and feedbacks from client and execute multiple quick prototypes. As part of this role – I architected Microsoft IT’s (MSIT) biggest Platform As A Service (PaaS) solution back in the days.  I have executed multiple client facing projects wherein I was responsible for designing, architecting the compute, storage, application and deployment architecture. I have experience in designing and architecting systems for Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery (BCP/ DR strategies). I have designed and architected solutions for “Testing in production”. I have experience in designing and architecting for extremely high scale (~ 3 billion requests/day). I have designed and implemented auto healing, smooth traffic routing and eventual consistency in multiple client facing projects.   I am in the Information Technology industry since 2001 working for various software organizations in India for 4 years till I joined Accenture in 2006. I came to USA in 2010 and was working as consultant for Microsoft. I joined Microsoft in May 2015 as a full-time employee. I earned my Electronics Engineering degree in year 2000, Diploma in Advance Computing degree in year 2001 and completed Microsoft Certified Professional Developer and Enterprise Architect certification (MCPDEA) in year 2007. I am also Microsoft Azure Certified Developer and Architect.   I am frequent community contributor. I blog at http://girishthegeek.wordpress.com/   I have worked and published an asset called Framework for Ops Team considering Windows Azure and it was very well received by the clients and appreciated by the managers.  I wrote a white paper related to AppFabric Service Bus which got published in MSDN.  Willing to relocate: Anywhere  https://www.indeed.com/r/Girish-Acharya/6757f94ee9f4ec23?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   WORK EXPERIENCE  Technical Architect  Accenture Services -  Pune, Maharashtra  Software Engineer 2  Microsoft -  Redmond -  June 2016 to February 2017  Engagement and monetization (Microsoft – Universal Store/Windows Developer Center) June 2016– Recently   〓 Technologies used: Microsoft Azure, C#, SQL, PowerShell, App Insights, Azure Data Factory, Redis Cache, API Management Gateway, Azure App Services, Akamai, Azure CDNs, Azure Traffic Manager, Automated Unit Testing, Web Testing, Coded Unit Tests, Performance Testing etc. Tools – SpecFlow, JMeter, Junit, NUNit, MoQ, Fluent Assertions, VSTS, GIT, Microsoft Test Manager, Continuous Integration and deployment, maintaining build definitions   〓 Roles Played:  o Technical architect  o Designing and architecting for compute, storage, application, security and deployment architecture  o Designing and architecting for Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery (BCP DR) o Designing and architecting for the Testing In Production (TIP) o Designing and architecting for auto healing and auto scaling pattern  o Designing and developing for monitoring  〓 Design and develop inside out and outside in monitoring and logging  〓 Design and develop synthetic web tests 〓 Design and develop watchdogs  o Design and develop the global traffic management using Akamai  o Keeping lights on for the services in all data centers  o Firefighting drills and actual firefighting  o Live site issue tracking, management, coordination and resolving  o Capacity monitoring and management  o Code reviews  o Implemented the security architecture  EDUCATION  Bachelor of Engineering in Microsoft  C-DAC    SKILLS  Azure (8 years), Asp.Net (8 years), C# (9 years), Web API (6 years), Sql (6 years), Technical Architect (5 years), Automation Testing (5 years)  LINKS  http://girishthegeek.wordpress.com/  https://www.linkedin.com/in/girishazure  CERTIFICATIONS/LICENSES  Microsoft Certified Professional Developer  Microsoft Certified Professional Developer  Microsoft Certified Enterprise Architect  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Technical Expertise  *Technical Architecture, Microsoft Azure Platform, Microsoft .NET Platform, C#, ASP.NET*  * Designing/Architecting/Building/Testing/Deploying apps/APIs using Windows Azure, SQL Azure, Azure Storage, REST/WCF, AppFabric Cache, Service Bus, Topic and Subscription, Access Control Services from last 7 years. * Azure Application Architecture: Web Role, Worker Role, VM Role, admin mode, start-up tasks integrating with on premise services using App Fabric Service Bus * Azure Security Architecture: Web Role security using SSL, WCF Security using certificates, Data Encryption using certificates, Authentication using ADFS/STS, Single sign on using ACS. Participated in ACE reviews, and provisioned related documentation/code * Azure Operations Architecture: Logging and monitoring using Windows Azure Diagnostics, integration with AVICode, SCOM, disaster recovering and business continuity planning and implementation, automated builds and deployments. * Azure Data Architecture: Understands SQL Azure, Windows Azure Storage (Tables, Blobs, Queues), Document DB, SQL Azure Data Sync, SQL Azure Federation etc. * Deployment Architecture: Continuous integration and deployment. Auto Build, Deployment using Service Management APIs and PowerShell cmdlets * Akamai - design and implement traffic management, caching using Akamai * Azure traffic manager, CDNs, Azure Data Factory, Auto Scaling * Deployment automation and synthetic monitoring using application insights * Developing end to end APIs and applications using ASP.NET Web Forms, ASP.NET MVC, Web API * Performance Testing: Performance, scalability testing using Visual Studio * Automated Testing: Automated Unit Testing, Web Testing, Coded Unit Tests, Performance Testing etc. Tools - SpecFlow, Jmeter, Junit, NUNit, MoQ, Fluent Assertions, VSTS, GIT * Big Data: Architected and developed a big solution using Windows Azure HD Insight, Hive queries  http://girishthegeek.wordpress.com/ https://www.linkedin.com/in/girishazure   Projects Undertaken Engagement and monetization (Microsoft - Universal Store/Windows Developer Center) June 2016- Recently  * Technologies used: Microsoft Azure, C#, SQL, PowerShell, App Insights, Azure Data Factory, Redis Cache, API Management Gateway, Azure App Services, Akamai, Azure CDNs, Azure Traffic Manager, Automated Unit Testing, Web Testing, Coded Unit Tests, Performance Testing etc. Tools - SpecFlow, JMeter, Junit, NUNit, MoQ, Fluent Assertions, VSTS, GIT, Microsoft Test Manager, Continuous Integration and deployment, maintaining build definitions  * Roles Played:  ◦ Technical architect ◦ Designing and architecting for compute, storage, application, security and deployment architecture ◦ Designing and architecting for Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery (BCP DR) ◦ Designing and architecting for the Testing In Production (TIP) ◦ Designing and architecting for auto healing and auto scaling pattern ◦ Designing and developing for monitoring * Design and develop inside out and outside in monitoring and logging * Design and develop synthetic web tests * Design and develop watchdogs ◦ Design and develop the global traffic management using Akamai ◦ Keeping lights on for the services in all data centers ◦ Firefighting drills and actual firefighting ◦ Live site issue tracking, management, coordination and resolving ◦ Capacity monitoring and management ◦ Code reviews ◦ Implemented the security architecture  Channel inclusion Services - (CIS) Client: Microsoft Corporation / Group: Devices and Studios (formerly known as IEB) Sep 2012- June 2015  Synopsis:  CIS is bunch of REST, SOAP services exposed to around 250+ partners dealing with end-to-end retail workflow for around 2 million transactions/day. Microsoft uses these services to distribute the digital goods (Windows, Office and so on.) . It also takes care of the brick and mortar scenario where in customers walk into the shop to buy Microsoft products &lt;&gt; * Technologies used: ◦ Windows Azure - Web Roles, Worker Roles, ASP.NET Web API, ASP.NET MVC and Web Forms, WCF, Service Bus, Azure Storage ◦ SQL Azure, HD Insight, Azure Scheduler ◦ Entity Framework ◦ MOQ, SpecFlow, NUNit, JMeter, RhinoMock * Roles Played:    ◦ Automated unit, performance, integration testing, synthetic testing, data testing, monitoring and improving code coverage, building test case and bugs /defects reports ◦ Continuous Integration and deployment, maintaining build definitions ◦ Designing and architecting service/api specifications and contracts ◦ Designing and architecting for high scale ◦ Designing and architecting for compute, storage, application, security and deployment architecture ◦ Designing and architecting for Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery (BCP DR) ◦ Implementing (developing, testing and monitoring) highly scalable, distributed services ◦ Senior developer consultant responsible to work independently with the clients in designing contracts, defining user stories, implementing them ◦ Write, execute the BVTs, Unit tests and functional tests, monitoring and improving code coverage ◦ Building test plans, test strategy ◦ Code reviews Involved in Application, Security, Operations and Data architecture  Microsoft Store - Commerce Broker Services (CBS) Client: Microsoft Corporation / Group: Devices and Studios (formerly known as IEB) Nov 2011 - Till Sep 2012  Synopsis:  CBS is Service Oriented middle tier component which is responsible for communicating with Microsoft Store front end web site and down-stream systems (SAP, Fulfillment, Payment Gateway etc.) &lt;&gt; * Technologies used: ◦ Windows Azure Queues, Service Bus Topics and subscriptions ◦ WCF ◦ WCF Workflow Services ◦ Entity Framework ◦ MOQ, SpecFlow, NUNit, JMeter * Roles Played:  ◦ Building test plans, test cases, bugs reports, test strategy ◦ Continuous Integration and deployment, maintaining build definitions ◦ Automated unit, performance, integration testing, synthetic testing, data testing ◦ Senior consultant responsible to work independently with the clients in designing contracts, defining user stories, implementing them ◦ Write, execute the BVTs, Unit tests and functional tests ◦ Code reviews ◦ Involved in Application, Security, Operations and Data architecture  BCWeb Wrap Migration to Windows Azure Client: Microsoft Corporation / Group: VLIT Jan 2011 - Oct 2011  Case Study Featured on TechNet    Synopsis:  BCWeb is a Windows Azure ASP.NET Web Role application; authenticated against STS using Federation services that provide a set of Web forms that help capture price exception details, information on business case for doing discounts on price lists, and helps calculate percentage of discount. It uses the ASP.NET connector and custom Web services to pull real-time price information from SAP, and provides sales executives with a light front-end to SAP. BCWeb helps simulate pricing discounts, manage business rules, customize routing and approval workflows, and update the LOB data stored in SAP. One of the major goals of this system is to improve field productivity by simplifying the process and removing training requirements for complex back-end systems, in this case SAP. BCWeb integrates different promotion types into a simplified Web-application. It also allows users to specify business rules using Excel 2007 files and to get notifications in Outlook 2007. Additional goals of this system include: • Reduce revenue leakage by having a business case documented for each promotion field. • Obtain visibility decisions and understand who required a discount and why. • Understand promotion effectiveness and ensure the field is making informed decisions. • Provide a configurable set of files to easily change empowerment guidelines by having a single master data of workflow routing and approvals. • Specific business process in price-execution domain, however, pattern addresses larger solutions space. * Roles Played:  ◦ Responsible for technical architecture ◦ Involved in Application, Security, Operations and Data architecture ◦ Work Estimation and migration assessment ◦ Key Contributor as Windows Azure Developer, Analyst  Origin Digital Cloud Coder Client: Origin Digital Jan 2010 - May 2010  Featured on MSDN  Synopsis:  Origin Digital, a video application service provider that aggregates, transcodes, manages and distributes the digital media files. As part of the business need, they wanted to increase transcoding throughput without increasing capital expense.  As part of the solutioning, the onshore technical architect along with IDC development team put together an approach that allowed - Process intensive digital video transcoding service to-run-on Azure Platform leveraging cloud's real-time scalability and compute capacity. Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS) offering. - Secure all business sensitive information by using On-premise data storage through Azure - An administration module to support Platform as a Service (PaaS) was developed.  The team completed the whole migration activity in 6 weeks using Agile methodology and managed to showcase it successfully in Microsoft PDC 2009 at Los Angeles. The solution resulted in reducing the compute costs by half.    * Technologies used: ASP.Net 3.5, SQL Azure, Windows Azure, Azure Blob/Table Storage, WCF etc.  * Roles Played:  ◦ Over all Application and Data architecture ◦ Designing Auto Scaling Engine (Rules Based) ◦ Leading a team to do daily integration test on cloud ◦ Designing classes/database/user interface. ◦ Coordinating deployment procedure on cloud.  Claims FNOL Client: StateFarm  May 2009 - Aug 2009  Synopsis:  FNOL (First Notice of Loss) is the front end for Insurance Company employees to log the insurance claims. It implements AICS framework which is exposed for other companies to use on Azure as SaaS/multi-tenant (Software-as-service) service.  * Technologies used: ASP.Net 3.5, SQL Azure, Windows Azure, Azure Blob/Table Storage, WCF etc.  * Roles Played:  ◦ Overall Application Architect ◦ Security and database architect  Postal Return Solutions Client: USPS Oct 2009 - Nov 2009  Vision - Electronic Recycling Return Solution to companies which would like to offer a recycling capability on their web sites (like- HP, Dell etc.) - Merchandise Return Solutions for large e-Commerce customers (like- Landsend, Amazon etc) - Parcel Return Solutions to its business partners (like-UPS, FedEx etc.), who would like to leverage USPS provided return solutions.  Approach - Using Silverlight, create rich web-based user interface for calling Electronic Merchandise Return Service Web Tools. - UI should facilitate printing and emailing EMR Labels.  Scope - Create shipping return labels using USPS's 'Electronic Merchandise Return Solution' for key partners (like Dell, WM) that participate in product recycling programs. It involves utilizing USPS public APIs; expand functionality of existing application to create this shipping capability on Windows Azure Platform.    * Technologies used: Silverlight, SQL Azure, Windows Azure, Azure Blob/Table Storage, WCF etc.  * Roles Played:  ◦ Delivery Lead ◦ Overall Application Architect  What's new @ (SaaS, Multi-Tenant mobile application) Client: Starbucks, Coca Cola  Vision - Content Admin (Publisher) prepares and distributes the content to the employees of the organization. - Employees by using the mobile based application forward the content on social networking sites like Twitter, Facebook etc. - Once the users within the network of the employees view/share the content forward, using analytics capture the view/share count. - Branding done using dynamically loading CSSs.  Approach - Using ASP.Net 3.5, create rich web-based user interface for mobile application. - Using ASP.Net 3.5, create rich web-based user interface for publishers. - Use Google, Facebook, BitLy and Twitter analytics to capture the view/share counts.  * Technologies used: ASP.Net 3.5, SQL Azure, Windows Azure, Azure Blob/Table Storage, WCF, Google Analytics, Facebook APIs, Twitter APIS etc.  * Roles Played:  ◦ Delivery Lead ◦ Offshore Technical Architect  GCP Tracker Client: Accenture Internal June2008-Dec 2008  Synopsis:  GCP (Global career program) is a workflow based tool intended to track employees going on onsite assignment for more than 6 months. The GCP process starts when DU Lead nominates an employee for onsite assignment and ends when employee comes back to home location. It caters to all GCP processes involved at home country as well as processes involved at Host country.  * Technologies used: ASP.Net 2.0, SQL 2005, Windows Workflow Foundation * Roles Played: ◦ Offshore Technical Architect, Dev Lead ◦ Designing solution with the help of Senior Architects. ◦ Designing integration interface ◦ Was responsible for drawing/ implementing complex workflow using WF. ◦ Leading a team responsible for implementing Change Requests. ◦ Coordinating deployment procedures.    Abacus DSM Client: Accenture Internal June2006-June 2008  Synopsis: Abacus Demand Supply Management was developed for Accenture HR/Scheduling/Sales teams by CIO (Chief Information Office)  * Technologies used: ASP.Net, SQL 2005  * Roles Played: ◦ Technical Architect, Dev Lead ◦ Leading a team responsible for implementing Change Requests. ◦ Talking/calling/interviewing clients to gather requirements. Documenting it. Getting sign-off on it. ◦ Coordinating Internal, User Acceptance, Integration and Performance Testing. ◦ Leading Production Support team. ◦ Build Manager.  CFE Client: Bombay Stock Exchange October 2005 - June 2006  Synopsis:  CFE system (Common Front End System) is a trading platform for member (and traders of members) of BSE to trade in Multi exchange, Multi segments for trader authentication developed by CMC Ltd. It is designed to facilitate Members with centralized access rights management (has inbuilt Risk Management Server) and enable member to have a centralized Client-level Risk Management at the Broker Office, wherein the risk for a client will be checked across all traders associated with the broker for trading carried out in all segments and on any of the exchanges, centrally at one location.  * Technologies used: Windows Forms (using C#), MS SQL * Roles Played: Dev Lead, Technical Architect, Requirements gathering and analysis, Design, CMM-i documentation, writing BRS, FSD, and Program Specs etc.  Bond Clinician Client: Bond Technologies November 2004 - October 2005  Synopsis:  Clinician is a complete healthcare solution for any clinic and hospital. It has got interface both for Patients and doctors/physician. It has the capability of generating all sorts of lab reports etc and has a full-fledged Document Management System wherein clinics can maintain and scan all documents and reports in the scanned format. It also uses the third-party interface for Health Insurance.  * Technologies used: ASP.Net web forms (using VB.Net), MS SQL, MSMQ * Roles Played: Developer, Database Design, Implementation and Testing
[5167, 5186] Girish Acharya Technical Architect & Sr. Software Engineer  Pune, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Girish-Acharya/6757f94ee9f4ec23  I would like to describe myself as a hard-core software engineer and technical architect passionate for technology and someone who loves to take challenges head-on. I have been using combined engineering principles wherein I was responsible for designing, developing, testing, deploying and monitoring highly scalable distributed applications and services.   While I have always been working using Microsoft technologies, I got chance to work for Microsoft in as a full-time employee last year. My focus as part of this role was as a Dev Ops/Site Reliability Engineer. The main requirement of this role was to keep-lights-on in all data centers for Windows Developer Center. While Service Engineering aspect was the main requirement, I used my technical architect and software tools for inside-out and outside-in monitoring and telemetry.   As a technical architect, I have worked in Accenture for about 7+ years. My role @ Microsoft account was to demonstrate technical leadership, design technical architecture, propose and introduce standard design and architectural patterns and practices, incorporate new requirements and feedbacks from client and execute multiple quick prototypes. As part of this role – I architected Microsoft IT’s (MSIT) biggest Platform As A Service (PaaS) solution back in the days.  I have executed multiple client facing projects wherein I was responsible for designing, architecting the compute, storage, application and deployment architecture. I have experience in designing and architecting systems for Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery (BCP/ DR strategies). I have designed and architected solutions for “Testing in production”. I have experience in designing and architecting for extremely high scale (~ 3 billion requests/day). I have designed and implemented auto healing, smooth traffic routing and eventual consistency in multiple client facing projects.   I am in the Information Technology industry since 2001 working for various software organizations in India for 4 years till I joined Accenture in 2006. I came to USA in 2010 and was working as consultant for Microsoft. I joined Microsoft in May 2015 as a full-time employee. I earned my Electronics Engineering degree in year 2000, Diploma in Advance Computing degree in year 2001 and completed Microsoft Certified Professional Developer and Enterprise Architect certification (MCPDEA) in year 2007. I am also Microsoft Azure Certified Developer and Architect.   I am frequent community contributor. I blog at http://girishthegeek.wordpress.com/   I have worked and published an asset called Framework for Ops Team considering Windows Azure and it was very well received by the clients and appreciated by the managers.  I wrote a white paper related to AppFabric Service Bus which got published in MSDN.  Willing to relocate: Anywhere  https://www.indeed.com/r/Girish-Acharya/6757f94ee9f4ec23?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   WORK EXPERIENCE  Technical Architect  Accenture Services -  Pune, Maharashtra  Software Engineer 2  Microsoft -  Redmond -  June 2016 to February 2017  Engagement and monetization (Microsoft – Universal Store/Windows Developer Center) June 2016– Recently   〓 Technologies used: Microsoft Azure, C#, SQL, PowerShell, App Insights, Azure Data Factory, Redis Cache, API Management Gateway, Azure App Services, Akamai, Azure CDNs, Azure Traffic Manager, Automated Unit Testing, Web Testing, Coded Unit Tests, Performance Testing etc. Tools – SpecFlow, JMeter, Junit, NUNit, MoQ, Fluent Assertions, VSTS, GIT, Microsoft Test Manager, Continuous Integration and deployment, maintaining build definitions   〓 Roles Played:  o Technical architect  o Designing and architecting for compute, storage, application, security and deployment architecture  o Designing and architecting for Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery (BCP DR) o Designing and architecting for the Testing In Production (TIP) o Designing and architecting for auto healing and auto scaling pattern  o Designing and developing for monitoring  〓 Design and develop inside out and outside in monitoring and logging  〓 Design and develop synthetic web tests 〓 Design and develop watchdogs  o Design and develop the global traffic management using Akamai  o Keeping lights on for the services in all data centers  o Firefighting drills and actual firefighting  o Live site issue tracking, management, coordination and resolving  o Capacity monitoring and management  o Code reviews  o Implemented the security architecture  EDUCATION  Bachelor of Engineering in Microsoft  C-DAC    SKILLS  Azure (8 years), Asp.Net (8 years), C# (9 years), Web API (6 years), Sql (6 years), Technical Architect (5 years), Automation Testing (5 years)  LINKS  http://girishthegeek.wordpress.com/  https://www.linkedin.com/in/girishazure  CERTIFICATIONS/LICENSES  Microsoft Certified Professional Developer  Microsoft Certified Professional Developer  Microsoft Certified Enterprise Architect  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Technical Expertise  *Technical Architecture, Microsoft Azure Platform, Microsoft .NET Platform, C#, ASP.NET*  * Designing/Architecting/Building/Testing/Deploying apps/APIs using Windows Azure, SQL Azure, Azure Storage, REST/WCF, AppFabric Cache, Service Bus, Topic and Subscription, Access Control Services from last 7 years. * Azure Application Architecture: Web Role, Worker Role, VM Role, admin mode, start-up tasks integrating with on premise services using App Fabric Service Bus * Azure Security Architecture: Web Role security using SSL, WCF Security using certificates, Data Encryption using certificates, Authentication using ADFS/STS, Single sign on using ACS. Participated in ACE reviews, and provisioned related documentation/code * Azure Operations Architecture: Logging and monitoring using Windows Azure Diagnostics, integration with AVICode, SCOM, disaster recovering and business continuity planning and implementation, automated builds and deployments. * Azure Data Architecture: Understands SQL Azure, Windows Azure Storage (Tables, Blobs, Queues), Document DB, SQL Azure Data Sync, SQL Azure Federation etc. * Deployment Architecture: Continuous integration and deployment. Auto Build, Deployment using Service Management APIs and PowerShell cmdlets * Akamai - design and implement traffic management, caching using Akamai * Azure traffic manager, CDNs, Azure Data Factory, Auto Scaling * Deployment automation and synthetic monitoring using application insights * Developing end to end APIs and applications using ASP.NET Web Forms, ASP.NET MVC, Web API * Performance Testing: Performance, scalability testing using Visual Studio * Automated Testing: Automated Unit Testing, Web Testing, Coded Unit Tests, Performance Testing etc. Tools - SpecFlow, Jmeter, Junit, NUNit, MoQ, Fluent Assertions, VSTS, GIT * Big Data: Architected and developed a big solution using Windows Azure HD Insight, Hive queries  http://girishthegeek.wordpress.com/ https://www.linkedin.com/in/girishazure   Projects Undertaken Engagement and monetization (Microsoft - Universal Store/Windows Developer Center) June 2016- Recently  * Technologies used: Microsoft Azure, C#, SQL, PowerShell, App Insights, Azure Data Factory, Redis Cache, API Management Gateway, Azure App Services, Akamai, Azure CDNs, Azure Traffic Manager, Automated Unit Testing, Web Testing, Coded Unit Tests, Performance Testing etc. Tools - SpecFlow, JMeter, Junit, NUNit, MoQ, Fluent Assertions, VSTS, GIT, Microsoft Test Manager, Continuous Integration and deployment, maintaining build definitions  * Roles Played:  ◦ Technical architect ◦ Designing and architecting for compute, storage, application, security and deployment architecture ◦ Designing and architecting for Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery (BCP DR) ◦ Designing and architecting for the Testing In Production (TIP) ◦ Designing and architecting for auto healing and auto scaling pattern ◦ Designing and developing for monitoring * Design and develop inside out and outside in monitoring and logging * Design and develop synthetic web tests * Design and develop watchdogs ◦ Design and develop the global traffic management using Akamai ◦ Keeping lights on for the services in all data centers ◦ Firefighting drills and actual firefighting ◦ Live site issue tracking, management, coordination and resolving ◦ Capacity monitoring and management ◦ Code reviews ◦ Implemented the security architecture  Channel inclusion Services - (CIS) Client: Microsoft Corporation / Group: Devices and Studios (formerly known as IEB) Sep 2012- June 2015  Synopsis:  CIS is bunch of REST, SOAP services exposed to around 250+ partners dealing with end-to-end retail workflow for around 2 million transactions/day. Microsoft uses these services to distribute the digital goods (Windows, Office and so on.) . It also takes care of the brick and mortar scenario where in customers walk into the shop to buy Microsoft products &lt;&gt; * Technologies used: ◦ Windows Azure - Web Roles, Worker Roles, ASP.NET Web API, ASP.NET MVC and Web Forms, WCF, Service Bus, Azure Storage ◦ SQL Azure, HD Insight, Azure Scheduler ◦ Entity Framework ◦ MOQ, SpecFlow, NUNit, JMeter, RhinoMock * Roles Played:    ◦ Automated unit, performance, integration testing, synthetic testing, data testing, monitoring and improving code coverage, building test case and bugs /defects reports ◦ Continuous Integration and deployment, maintaining build definitions ◦ Designing and architecting service/api specifications and contracts ◦ Designing and architecting for high scale ◦ Designing and architecting for compute, storage, application, security and deployment architecture ◦ Designing and architecting for Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery (BCP DR) ◦ Implementing (developing, testing and monitoring) highly scalable, distributed services ◦ Senior developer consultant responsible to work independently with the clients in designing contracts, defining user stories, implementing them ◦ Write, execute the BVTs, Unit tests and functional tests, monitoring and improving code coverage ◦ Building test plans, test strategy ◦ Code reviews Involved in Application, Security, Operations and Data architecture  Microsoft Store - Commerce Broker Services (CBS) Client: Microsoft Corporation / Group: Devices and Studios (formerly known as IEB) Nov 2011 - Till Sep 2012  Synopsis:  CBS is Service Oriented middle tier component which is responsible for communicating with Microsoft Store front end web site and down-stream systems (SAP, Fulfillment, Payment Gateway etc.) &lt;&gt; * Technologies used: ◦ Windows Azure Queues, Service Bus Topics and subscriptions ◦ WCF ◦ WCF Workflow Services ◦ Entity Framework ◦ MOQ, SpecFlow, NUNit, JMeter * Roles Played:  ◦ Building test plans, test cases, bugs reports, test strategy ◦ Continuous Integration and deployment, maintaining build definitions ◦ Automated unit, performance, integration testing, synthetic testing, data testing ◦ Senior consultant responsible to work independently with the clients in designing contracts, defining user stories, implementing them ◦ Write, execute the BVTs, Unit tests and functional tests ◦ Code reviews ◦ Involved in Application, Security, Operations and Data architecture  BCWeb Wrap Migration to Windows Azure Client: Microsoft Corporation / Group: VLIT Jan 2011 - Oct 2011  Case Study Featured on TechNet    Synopsis:  BCWeb is a Windows Azure ASP.NET Web Role application; authenticated against STS using Federation services that provide a set of Web forms that help capture price exception details, information on business case for doing discounts on price lists, and helps calculate percentage of discount. It uses the ASP.NET connector and custom Web services to pull real-time price information from SAP, and provides sales executives with a light front-end to SAP. BCWeb helps simulate pricing discounts, manage business rules, customize routing and approval workflows, and update the LOB data stored in SAP. One of the major goals of this system is to improve field productivity by simplifying the process and removing training requirements for complex back-end systems, in this case SAP. BCWeb integrates different promotion types into a simplified Web-application. It also allows users to specify business rules using Excel 2007 files and to get notifications in Outlook 2007. Additional goals of this system include: • Reduce revenue leakage by having a business case documented for each promotion field. • Obtain visibility decisions and understand who required a discount and why. • Understand promotion effectiveness and ensure the field is making informed decisions. • Provide a configurable set of files to easily change empowerment guidelines by having a single master data of workflow routing and approvals. • Specific business process in price-execution domain, however, pattern addresses larger solutions space. * Roles Played:  ◦ Responsible for technical architecture ◦ Involved in Application, Security, Operations and Data architecture ◦ Work Estimation and migration assessment ◦ Key Contributor as Windows Azure Developer, Analyst  Origin Digital Cloud Coder Client: Origin Digital Jan 2010 - May 2010  Featured on MSDN  Synopsis:  Origin Digital, a video application service provider that aggregates, transcodes, manages and distributes the digital media files. As part of the business need, they wanted to increase transcoding throughput without increasing capital expense.  As part of the solutioning, the onshore technical architect along with IDC development team put together an approach that allowed - Process intensive digital video transcoding service to-run-on Azure Platform leveraging cloud's real-time scalability and compute capacity. Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS) offering. - Secure all business sensitive information by using On-premise data storage through Azure - An administration module to support Platform as a Service (PaaS) was developed.  The team completed the whole migration activity in 6 weeks using Agile methodology and managed to showcase it successfully in Microsoft PDC 2009 at Los Angeles. The solution resulted in reducing the compute costs by half.    * Technologies used: ASP.Net 3.5, SQL Azure, Windows Azure, Azure Blob/Table Storage, WCF etc.  * Roles Played:  ◦ Over all Application and Data architecture ◦ Designing Auto Scaling Engine (Rules Based) ◦ Leading a team to do daily integration test on cloud ◦ Designing classes/database/user interface. ◦ Coordinating deployment procedure on cloud.  Claims FNOL Client: StateFarm  May 2009 - Aug 2009  Synopsis:  FNOL (First Notice of Loss) is the front end for Insurance Company employees to log the insurance claims. It implements AICS framework which is exposed for other companies to use on Azure as SaaS/multi-tenant (Software-as-service) service.  * Technologies used: ASP.Net 3.5, SQL Azure, Windows Azure, Azure Blob/Table Storage, WCF etc.  * Roles Played:  ◦ Overall Application Architect ◦ Security and database architect  Postal Return Solutions Client: USPS Oct 2009 - Nov 2009  Vision - Electronic Recycling Return Solution to companies which would like to offer a recycling capability on their web sites (like- HP, Dell etc.) - Merchandise Return Solutions for large e-Commerce customers (like- Landsend, Amazon etc) - Parcel Return Solutions to its business partners (like-UPS, FedEx etc.), who would like to leverage USPS provided return solutions.  Approach - Using Silverlight, create rich web-based user interface for calling Electronic Merchandise Return Service Web Tools. - UI should facilitate printing and emailing EMR Labels.  Scope - Create shipping return labels using USPS's 'Electronic Merchandise Return Solution' for key partners (like Dell, WM) that participate in product recycling programs. It involves utilizing USPS public APIs; expand functionality of existing application to create this shipping capability on Windows Azure Platform.    * Technologies used: Silverlight, SQL Azure, Windows Azure, Azure Blob/Table Storage, WCF etc.  * Roles Played:  ◦ Delivery Lead ◦ Overall Application Architect  What's new @ (SaaS, Multi-Tenant mobile application) Client: Starbucks, Coca Cola  Vision - Content Admin (Publisher) prepares and distributes the content to the employees of the organization. - Employees by using the mobile based application forward the content on social networking sites like Twitter, Facebook etc. - Once the users within the network of the employees view/share the content forward, using analytics capture the view/share count. - Branding done using dynamically loading CSSs.  Approach - Using ASP.Net 3.5, create rich web-based user interface for mobile application. - Using ASP.Net 3.5, create rich web-based user interface for publishers. - Use Google, Facebook, BitLy and Twitter analytics to capture the view/share counts.  * Technologies used: ASP.Net 3.5, SQL Azure, Windows Azure, Azure Blob/Table Storage, WCF, Google Analytics, Facebook APIs, Twitter APIS etc.  * Roles Played:  ◦ Delivery Lead ◦ Offshore Technical Architect  GCP Tracker Client: Accenture Internal June2008-Dec 2008  Synopsis:  GCP (Global career program) is a workflow based tool intended to track employees going on onsite assignment for more than 6 months. The GCP process starts when DU Lead nominates an employee for onsite assignment and ends when employee comes back to home location. It caters to all GCP processes involved at home country as well as processes involved at Host country.  * Technologies used: ASP.Net 2.0, SQL 2005, Windows Workflow Foundation * Roles Played: ◦ Offshore Technical Architect, Dev Lead ◦ Designing solution with the help of Senior Architects. ◦ Designing integration interface ◦ Was responsible for drawing/ implementing complex workflow using WF. ◦ Leading a team responsible for implementing Change Requests. ◦ Coordinating deployment procedures.    Abacus DSM Client: Accenture Internal June2006-June 2008  Synopsis: Abacus Demand Supply Management was developed for Accenture HR/Scheduling/Sales teams by CIO (Chief Information Office)  * Technologies used: ASP.Net, SQL 2005  * Roles Played: ◦ Technical Architect, Dev Lead ◦ Leading a team responsible for implementing Change Requests. ◦ Talking/calling/interviewing clients to gather requirements. Documenting it. Getting sign-off on it. ◦ Coordinating Internal, User Acceptance, Integration and Performance Testing. ◦ Leading Production Support team. ◦ Build Manager.  CFE Client: Bombay Stock Exchange October 2005 - June 2006  Synopsis:  CFE system (Common Front End System) is a trading platform for member (and traders of members) of BSE to trade in Multi exchange, Multi segments for trader authentication developed by CMC Ltd. It is designed to facilitate Members with centralized access rights management (has inbuilt Risk Management Server) and enable member to have a centralized Client-level Risk Management at the Broker Office, wherein the risk for a client will be checked across all traders associated with the broker for trading carried out in all segments and on any of the exchanges, centrally at one location.  * Technologies used: Windows Forms (using C#), MS SQL * Roles Played: Dev Lead, Technical Architect, Requirements gathering and analysis, Design, CMM-i documentation, writing BRS, FSD, and Program Specs etc.  Bond Clinician Client: Bond Technologies November 2004 - October 2005  Synopsis:  Clinician is a complete healthcare solution for any clinic and hospital. It has got interface both for Patients and doctors/physician. It has the capability of generating all sorts of lab reports etc and has a full-fledged Document Management System wherein clinics can maintain and scan all documents and reports in the scanned format. It also uses the third-party interface for Health Insurance.  * Technologies used: ASP.Net web forms (using VB.Net), MS SQL, MSMQ * Roles Played: Developer, Database Design, Implementation and Testing
[2999, 3043] Girish Acharya Technical Architect & Sr. Software Engineer  Pune, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Girish-Acharya/6757f94ee9f4ec23  I would like to describe myself as a hard-core software engineer and technical architect passionate for technology and someone who loves to take challenges head-on. I have been using combined engineering principles wherein I was responsible for designing, developing, testing, deploying and monitoring highly scalable distributed applications and services.   While I have always been working using Microsoft technologies, I got chance to work for Microsoft in as a full-time employee last year. My focus as part of this role was as a Dev Ops/Site Reliability Engineer. The main requirement of this role was to keep-lights-on in all data centers for Windows Developer Center. While Service Engineering aspect was the main requirement, I used my technical architect and software tools for inside-out and outside-in monitoring and telemetry.   As a technical architect, I have worked in Accenture for about 7+ years. My role @ Microsoft account was to demonstrate technical leadership, design technical architecture, propose and introduce standard design and architectural patterns and practices, incorporate new requirements and feedbacks from client and execute multiple quick prototypes. As part of this role – I architected Microsoft IT’s (MSIT) biggest Platform As A Service (PaaS) solution back in the days.  I have executed multiple client facing projects wherein I was responsible for designing, architecting the compute, storage, application and deployment architecture. I have experience in designing and architecting systems for Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery (BCP/ DR strategies). I have designed and architected solutions for “Testing in production”. I have experience in designing and architecting for extremely high scale (~ 3 billion requests/day). I have designed and implemented auto healing, smooth traffic routing and eventual consistency in multiple client facing projects.   I am in the Information Technology industry since 2001 working for various software organizations in India for 4 years till I joined Accenture in 2006. I came to USA in 2010 and was working as consultant for Microsoft. I joined Microsoft in May 2015 as a full-time employee. I earned my Electronics Engineering degree in year 2000, Diploma in Advance Computing degree in year 2001 and completed Microsoft Certified Professional Developer and Enterprise Architect certification (MCPDEA) in year 2007. I am also Microsoft Azure Certified Developer and Architect.   I am frequent community contributor. I blog at http://girishthegeek.wordpress.com/   I have worked and published an asset called Framework for Ops Team considering Windows Azure and it was very well received by the clients and appreciated by the managers.  I wrote a white paper related to AppFabric Service Bus which got published in MSDN.  Willing to relocate: Anywhere  https://www.indeed.com/r/Girish-Acharya/6757f94ee9f4ec23?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   WORK EXPERIENCE  Technical Architect  Accenture Services -  Pune, Maharashtra  Software Engineer 2  Microsoft -  Redmond -  June 2016 to February 2017  Engagement and monetization (Microsoft – Universal Store/Windows Developer Center) June 2016– Recently   〓 Technologies used: Microsoft Azure, C#, SQL, PowerShell, App Insights, Azure Data Factory, Redis Cache, API Management Gateway, Azure App Services, Akamai, Azure CDNs, Azure Traffic Manager, Automated Unit Testing, Web Testing, Coded Unit Tests, Performance Testing etc. Tools – SpecFlow, JMeter, Junit, NUNit, MoQ, Fluent Assertions, VSTS, GIT, Microsoft Test Manager, Continuous Integration and deployment, maintaining build definitions   〓 Roles Played:  o Technical architect  o Designing and architecting for compute, storage, application, security and deployment architecture  o Designing and architecting for Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery (BCP DR) o Designing and architecting for the Testing In Production (TIP) o Designing and architecting for auto healing and auto scaling pattern  o Designing and developing for monitoring  〓 Design and develop inside out and outside in monitoring and logging  〓 Design and develop synthetic web tests 〓 Design and develop watchdogs  o Design and develop the global traffic management using Akamai  o Keeping lights on for the services in all data centers  o Firefighting drills and actual firefighting  o Live site issue tracking, management, coordination and resolving  o Capacity monitoring and management  o Code reviews  o Implemented the security architecture  EDUCATION  Bachelor of Engineering in Microsoft  C-DAC    SKILLS  Azure (8 years), Asp.Net (8 years), C# (9 years), Web API (6 years), Sql (6 years), Technical Architect (5 years), Automation Testing (5 years)  LINKS  http://girishthegeek.wordpress.com/  https://www.linkedin.com/in/girishazure  CERTIFICATIONS/LICENSES  Microsoft Certified Professional Developer  Microsoft Certified Professional Developer  Microsoft Certified Enterprise Architect  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Technical Expertise  *Technical Architecture, Microsoft Azure Platform, Microsoft .NET Platform, C#, ASP.NET*  * Designing/Architecting/Building/Testing/Deploying apps/APIs using Windows Azure, SQL Azure, Azure Storage, REST/WCF, AppFabric Cache, Service Bus, Topic and Subscription, Access Control Services from last 7 years. * Azure Application Architecture: Web Role, Worker Role, VM Role, admin mode, start-up tasks integrating with on premise services using App Fabric Service Bus * Azure Security Architecture: Web Role security using SSL, WCF Security using certificates, Data Encryption using certificates, Authentication using ADFS/STS, Single sign on using ACS. Participated in ACE reviews, and provisioned related documentation/code * Azure Operations Architecture: Logging and monitoring using Windows Azure Diagnostics, integration with AVICode, SCOM, disaster recovering and business continuity planning and implementation, automated builds and deployments. * Azure Data Architecture: Understands SQL Azure, Windows Azure Storage (Tables, Blobs, Queues), Document DB, SQL Azure Data Sync, SQL Azure Federation etc. * Deployment Architecture: Continuous integration and deployment. Auto Build, Deployment using Service Management APIs and PowerShell cmdlets * Akamai - design and implement traffic management, caching using Akamai * Azure traffic manager, CDNs, Azure Data Factory, Auto Scaling * Deployment automation and synthetic monitoring using application insights * Developing end to end APIs and applications using ASP.NET Web Forms, ASP.NET MVC, Web API * Performance Testing: Performance, scalability testing using Visual Studio * Automated Testing: Automated Unit Testing, Web Testing, Coded Unit Tests, Performance Testing etc. Tools - SpecFlow, Jmeter, Junit, NUNit, MoQ, Fluent Assertions, VSTS, GIT * Big Data: Architected and developed a big solution using Windows Azure HD Insight, Hive queries  http://girishthegeek.wordpress.com/ https://www.linkedin.com/in/girishazure   Projects Undertaken Engagement and monetization (Microsoft - Universal Store/Windows Developer Center) June 2016- Recently  * Technologies used: Microsoft Azure, C#, SQL, PowerShell, App Insights, Azure Data Factory, Redis Cache, API Management Gateway, Azure App Services, Akamai, Azure CDNs, Azure Traffic Manager, Automated Unit Testing, Web Testing, Coded Unit Tests, Performance Testing etc. Tools - SpecFlow, JMeter, Junit, NUNit, MoQ, Fluent Assertions, VSTS, GIT, Microsoft Test Manager, Continuous Integration and deployment, maintaining build definitions  * Roles Played:  ◦ Technical architect ◦ Designing and architecting for compute, storage, application, security and deployment architecture ◦ Designing and architecting for Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery (BCP DR) ◦ Designing and architecting for the Testing In Production (TIP) ◦ Designing and architecting for auto healing and auto scaling pattern ◦ Designing and developing for monitoring * Design and develop inside out and outside in monitoring and logging * Design and develop synthetic web tests * Design and develop watchdogs ◦ Design and develop the global traffic management using Akamai ◦ Keeping lights on for the services in all data centers ◦ Firefighting drills and actual firefighting ◦ Live site issue tracking, management, coordination and resolving ◦ Capacity monitoring and management ◦ Code reviews ◦ Implemented the security architecture  Channel inclusion Services - (CIS) Client: Microsoft Corporation / Group: Devices and Studios (formerly known as IEB) Sep 2012- June 2015  Synopsis:  CIS is bunch of REST, SOAP services exposed to around 250+ partners dealing with end-to-end retail workflow for around 2 million transactions/day. Microsoft uses these services to distribute the digital goods (Windows, Office and so on.) . It also takes care of the brick and mortar scenario where in customers walk into the shop to buy Microsoft products &lt;&gt; * Technologies used: ◦ Windows Azure - Web Roles, Worker Roles, ASP.NET Web API, ASP.NET MVC and Web Forms, WCF, Service Bus, Azure Storage ◦ SQL Azure, HD Insight, Azure Scheduler ◦ Entity Framework ◦ MOQ, SpecFlow, NUNit, JMeter, RhinoMock * Roles Played:    ◦ Automated unit, performance, integration testing, synthetic testing, data testing, monitoring and improving code coverage, building test case and bugs /defects reports ◦ Continuous Integration and deployment, maintaining build definitions ◦ Designing and architecting service/api specifications and contracts ◦ Designing and architecting for high scale ◦ Designing and architecting for compute, storage, application, security and deployment architecture ◦ Designing and architecting for Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery (BCP DR) ◦ Implementing (developing, testing and monitoring) highly scalable, distributed services ◦ Senior developer consultant responsible to work independently with the clients in designing contracts, defining user stories, implementing them ◦ Write, execute the BVTs, Unit tests and functional tests, monitoring and improving code coverage ◦ Building test plans, test strategy ◦ Code reviews Involved in Application, Security, Operations and Data architecture  Microsoft Store - Commerce Broker Services (CBS) Client: Microsoft Corporation / Group: Devices and Studios (formerly known as IEB) Nov 2011 - Till Sep 2012  Synopsis:  CBS is Service Oriented middle tier component which is responsible for communicating with Microsoft Store front end web site and down-stream systems (SAP, Fulfillment, Payment Gateway etc.) &lt;&gt; * Technologies used: ◦ Windows Azure Queues, Service Bus Topics and subscriptions ◦ WCF ◦ WCF Workflow Services ◦ Entity Framework ◦ MOQ, SpecFlow, NUNit, JMeter * Roles Played:  ◦ Building test plans, test cases, bugs reports, test strategy ◦ Continuous Integration and deployment, maintaining build definitions ◦ Automated unit, performance, integration testing, synthetic testing, data testing ◦ Senior consultant responsible to work independently with the clients in designing contracts, defining user stories, implementing them ◦ Write, execute the BVTs, Unit tests and functional tests ◦ Code reviews ◦ Involved in Application, Security, Operations and Data architecture  BCWeb Wrap Migration to Windows Azure Client: Microsoft Corporation / Group: VLIT Jan 2011 - Oct 2011  Case Study Featured on TechNet    Synopsis:  BCWeb is a Windows Azure ASP.NET Web Role application; authenticated against STS using Federation services that provide a set of Web forms that help capture price exception details, information on business case for doing discounts on price lists, and helps calculate percentage of discount. It uses the ASP.NET connector and custom Web services to pull real-time price information from SAP, and provides sales executives with a light front-end to SAP. BCWeb helps simulate pricing discounts, manage business rules, customize routing and approval workflows, and update the LOB data stored in SAP. One of the major goals of this system is to improve field productivity by simplifying the process and removing training requirements for complex back-end systems, in this case SAP. BCWeb integrates different promotion types into a simplified Web-application. It also allows users to specify business rules using Excel 2007 files and to get notifications in Outlook 2007. Additional goals of this system include: • Reduce revenue leakage by having a business case documented for each promotion field. • Obtain visibility decisions and understand who required a discount and why. • Understand promotion effectiveness and ensure the field is making informed decisions. • Provide a configurable set of files to easily change empowerment guidelines by having a single master data of workflow routing and approvals. • Specific business process in price-execution domain, however, pattern addresses larger solutions space. * Roles Played:  ◦ Responsible for technical architecture ◦ Involved in Application, Security, Operations and Data architecture ◦ Work Estimation and migration assessment ◦ Key Contributor as Windows Azure Developer, Analyst  Origin Digital Cloud Coder Client: Origin Digital Jan 2010 - May 2010  Featured on MSDN  Synopsis:  Origin Digital, a video application service provider that aggregates, transcodes, manages and distributes the digital media files. As part of the business need, they wanted to increase transcoding throughput without increasing capital expense.  As part of the solutioning, the onshore technical architect along with IDC development team put together an approach that allowed - Process intensive digital video transcoding service to-run-on Azure Platform leveraging cloud's real-time scalability and compute capacity. Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS) offering. - Secure all business sensitive information by using On-premise data storage through Azure - An administration module to support Platform as a Service (PaaS) was developed.  The team completed the whole migration activity in 6 weeks using Agile methodology and managed to showcase it successfully in Microsoft PDC 2009 at Los Angeles. The solution resulted in reducing the compute costs by half.    * Technologies used: ASP.Net 3.5, SQL Azure, Windows Azure, Azure Blob/Table Storage, WCF etc.  * Roles Played:  ◦ Over all Application and Data architecture ◦ Designing Auto Scaling Engine (Rules Based) ◦ Leading a team to do daily integration test on cloud ◦ Designing classes/database/user interface. ◦ Coordinating deployment procedure on cloud.  Claims FNOL Client: StateFarm  May 2009 - Aug 2009  Synopsis:  FNOL (First Notice of Loss) is the front end for Insurance Company employees to log the insurance claims. It implements AICS framework which is exposed for other companies to use on Azure as SaaS/multi-tenant (Software-as-service) service.  * Technologies used: ASP.Net 3.5, SQL Azure, Windows Azure, Azure Blob/Table Storage, WCF etc.  * Roles Played:  ◦ Overall Application Architect ◦ Security and database architect  Postal Return Solutions Client: USPS Oct 2009 - Nov 2009  Vision - Electronic Recycling Return Solution to companies which would like to offer a recycling capability on their web sites (like- HP, Dell etc.) - Merchandise Return Solutions for large e-Commerce customers (like- Landsend, Amazon etc) - Parcel Return Solutions to its business partners (like-UPS, FedEx etc.), who would like to leverage USPS provided return solutions.  Approach - Using Silverlight, create rich web-based user interface for calling Electronic Merchandise Return Service Web Tools. - UI should facilitate printing and emailing EMR Labels.  Scope - Create shipping return labels using USPS's 'Electronic Merchandise Return Solution' for key partners (like Dell, WM) that participate in product recycling programs. It involves utilizing USPS public APIs; expand functionality of existing application to create this shipping capability on Windows Azure Platform.    * Technologies used: Silverlight, SQL Azure, Windows Azure, Azure Blob/Table Storage, WCF etc.  * Roles Played:  ◦ Delivery Lead ◦ Overall Application Architect  What's new @ (SaaS, Multi-Tenant mobile application) Client: Starbucks, Coca Cola  Vision - Content Admin (Publisher) prepares and distributes the content to the employees of the organization. - Employees by using the mobile based application forward the content on social networking sites like Twitter, Facebook etc. - Once the users within the network of the employees view/share the content forward, using analytics capture the view/share count. - Branding done using dynamically loading CSSs.  Approach - Using ASP.Net 3.5, create rich web-based user interface for mobile application. - Using ASP.Net 3.5, create rich web-based user interface for publishers. - Use Google, Facebook, BitLy and Twitter analytics to capture the view/share counts.  * Technologies used: ASP.Net 3.5, SQL Azure, Windows Azure, Azure Blob/Table Storage, WCF, Google Analytics, Facebook APIs, Twitter APIS etc.  * Roles Played:  ◦ Delivery Lead ◦ Offshore Technical Architect  GCP Tracker Client: Accenture Internal June2008-Dec 2008  Synopsis:  GCP (Global career program) is a workflow based tool intended to track employees going on onsite assignment for more than 6 months. The GCP process starts when DU Lead nominates an employee for onsite assignment and ends when employee comes back to home location. It caters to all GCP processes involved at home country as well as processes involved at Host country.  * Technologies used: ASP.Net 2.0, SQL 2005, Windows Workflow Foundation * Roles Played: ◦ Offshore Technical Architect, Dev Lead ◦ Designing solution with the help of Senior Architects. ◦ Designing integration interface ◦ Was responsible for drawing/ implementing complex workflow using WF. ◦ Leading a team responsible for implementing Change Requests. ◦ Coordinating deployment procedures.    Abacus DSM Client: Accenture Internal June2006-June 2008  Synopsis: Abacus Demand Supply Management was developed for Accenture HR/Scheduling/Sales teams by CIO (Chief Information Office)  * Technologies used: ASP.Net, SQL 2005  * Roles Played: ◦ Technical Architect, Dev Lead ◦ Leading a team responsible for implementing Change Requests. ◦ Talking/calling/interviewing clients to gather requirements. Documenting it. Getting sign-off on it. ◦ Coordinating Internal, User Acceptance, Integration and Performance Testing. ◦ Leading Production Support team. ◦ Build Manager.  CFE Client: Bombay Stock Exchange October 2005 - June 2006  Synopsis:  CFE system (Common Front End System) is a trading platform for member (and traders of members) of BSE to trade in Multi exchange, Multi segments for trader authentication developed by CMC Ltd. It is designed to facilitate Members with centralized access rights management (has inbuilt Risk Management Server) and enable member to have a centralized Client-level Risk Management at the Broker Office, wherein the risk for a client will be checked across all traders associated with the broker for trading carried out in all segments and on any of the exchanges, centrally at one location.  * Technologies used: Windows Forms (using C#), MS SQL * Roles Played: Dev Lead, Technical Architect, Requirements gathering and analysis, Design, CMM-i documentation, writing BRS, FSD, and Program Specs etc.  Bond Clinician Client: Bond Technologies November 2004 - October 2005  Synopsis:  Clinician is a complete healthcare solution for any clinic and hospital. It has got interface both for Patients and doctors/physician. It has the capability of generating all sorts of lab reports etc and has a full-fledged Document Management System wherein clinics can maintain and scan all documents and reports in the scanned format. It also uses the third-party interface for Health Insurance.  * Technologies used: ASP.Net web forms (using VB.Net), MS SQL, MSMQ * Roles Played: Developer, Database Design, Implementation and Testing
[870, 893] Sohan Dhakad Shivpuri, Madhya Pradesh - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Sohan- Dhakad/038dfd47a0cf071f  Serve the organization to apply my knowledge and skills to the best of my efforts in order to achieve organizational goals and continuous learning.  WORK EXPERIENCE  ASSOCIATE TRAINEE OF INFOSYS PROJECT OF GST PORTAL  Gurgaon, Haryana -  November 2016 to Present  GURGAON. • Monitoring the problems faced for the registration. • Solving the problems of End User. • Generating reports of escalations &amp; SLAs. • Helping in issuance of Provisional IDs from GST. • Ensuring the Quality checks &amp; control. • Timely Delivery of resolutions for the End Users. • Handling and proper knowledge of GST Documents. • Ensuring SLA adherences and ensuring Companies Regulations &amp; Provisions.  EDUCATION  Jiwaji University -  Shivpuri, Madhya Pradesh  2016  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Parsuing cs profesional.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Sohan-Dhakad/038dfd47a0cf071f?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN https://www.indeed.com/r/Sohan-Dhakad/038dfd47a0cf071f?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN
[794, 810] Sohan Dhakad Shivpuri, Madhya Pradesh - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Sohan- Dhakad/038dfd47a0cf071f  Serve the organization to apply my knowledge and skills to the best of my efforts in order to achieve organizational goals and continuous learning.  WORK EXPERIENCE  ASSOCIATE TRAINEE OF INFOSYS PROJECT OF GST PORTAL  Gurgaon, Haryana -  November 2016 to Present  GURGAON. • Monitoring the problems faced for the registration. • Solving the problems of End User. • Generating reports of escalations &amp; SLAs. • Helping in issuance of Provisional IDs from GST. • Ensuring the Quality checks &amp; control. • Timely Delivery of resolutions for the End Users. • Handling and proper knowledge of GST Documents. • Ensuring SLA adherences and ensuring Companies Regulations &amp; Provisions.  EDUCATION  Jiwaji University -  Shivpuri, Madhya Pradesh  2016  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Parsuing cs profesional.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Sohan-Dhakad/038dfd47a0cf071f?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN https://www.indeed.com/r/Sohan-Dhakad/038dfd47a0cf071f?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN
[11134, 11234] Rahul Tayade Global Production Support Lead, - Infosys Ltd (Technology Lead) - HSBC  Pune, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Rahul-Tayade/ce40c3731cb69763  • Total 12+ years of IT experience in the analysis, design, development, Testing support, implementation, CAT support and management of full life cycle applications, project coordination, managing development and support projects. • More than 7 years of experience on Project Leading support and maintenance project including enhancements of the application. • Over 4 years of Project Management experience on support/maintenance projects. • Managed multiple applications with team more than 16 members. • Involved in PM activities like dealing with customer, identifying new business, get new business, accordingly raising quotes, and get PO approved from customer, track the work and bill customer based on Resource Utilization, Workforce management, manage project costing by providing cost-effective solutions etc. • Involve in SIX Sigma and Lean initiative to remove the unwanted NVA (non-value add) improve on costing and performance side • Was deputed to client side UK-IPSWICH to deal with client and handle issues, achieve the client confidence by creating road map for improvement and improving performance and during that time customer satisfaction rating was increased to 4.9 from 4.4 out of 5. • Handled responsibilities as the single point of contact for various projects, transitioning and offshore coordinator. • As a ASG Project lead involved in ASG activities like resource management, work allocation, shift management, handling escalations, SLA performance and dashboard reporting, ITES Metric reports, Highlight reports, coordinating and performing deployments, QMG audits, PMR activities etc. • Practiced ITIL V3 processes during my tenure on application support projects which includes Service Transition, Service Operations (Incident management, Change Management, Problem Management) and Continual Service Improvements • Handled effort estimation using Function Point (IFPUG Guidelines), cost estimation and planning various projects. • Prepared performance improvement plan on activities related to application performance. • Managed and Delivered VDC Migrations, Database Migration projects. • Capacity planning, work load and work force planning. • Interact with the business analysts &amp; application leads to come up with technical designs based on the functional designs. • Worked extensively on Oracle PL/SQL, UNIX, Scripting and have good interpersonal skills. • Involved in Service transition and successfully completed all quality gates • Documented and Managed DR activities successfully • Involved in BCP planning and execution. • Team mentoring and help team when needed • Involved in escalations and resolve the issue smoothly by involving business stakeholders and team effectively.  WORK EXPERIENCE  Global Production Support Lead, - Infosys Ltd (Technology Lead)  https://www.indeed.com/r/Rahul-Tayade/ce40c3731cb69763?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   HSBC -  Pune, Maharashtra -  June 2016 to Present  Currently working in Global Standards IT under the CDD (Customer Due Diligence) program which is responsible for tackling financial crime by implementing new tools to better understand their customers.  I lead a global 24*7 production support team for a number of Tier 1 KYC (Know Your Client) FCR (Financial Crime Risk) applications and provide hands on application support to a user base across 35 countries in 42 markets, for HSBC and its subsidiaries First Direct and Marks &amp; Spencer Bank.  Tasks: • Mentoring team on Technical as well as Process front • Implementing new processes • Implementing a global 24*7 Support Model • Supporting the rollout of new customer onboarding tool across 35 countries • Supporting weekly release cycles  Responsibilities: • Offshore Leadership/People Management • Service Delivery Management • Stakeholder Management • Relationship Management • Service Recovery Management • Production Support • Incident Management • Problem Management • Change Management • Release Management &amp; Support during releases • Involve in Service Improvement Process for Faster and Smooth delivery • Resolving technical issues relating to application from offshore • Training &amp; Mentoring new resources for the Projects • Documentation and manage Knowledge bank for team reference • Documentation and execution of DR activities  Technology Lead  HSBC -  Pune, Maharashtra -  October 2015 to July 2016  Involved in Transition of application • Preparation of in Knowledge Transfer plan from HSBC to Infosys, • Managing KT schedules and made sure that it working as per plan • Managing variance and made sure that portion left should get discussed as per updated plans. • Mentoring new team on technical and process front • Helping team where laps in KT plan or miscommunications • Preparation and scheduling of Reverse KT plans and smooth execution of it    • Managing stake holders and business and give them confidence for moving support to new team • Made sure that this plan passed from all quality gates in order to start work from new team • Documentation of all these Knowledge and Process  Project Lead  British Telecom UK -  Pune, Maharashtra -  August 2010 to July 2015  FPQ system is used for entry and reporting of quality data. It is national database for all quality checks. It is used to record field performance quality scores of resources and based on the entry of it evaluate the quality scores. It is also used for score sheet and contractor management. Base on the score sheets auditors performs the transaction audits. FPQ also provides the transactional and statistical reports. V21 is crucial interface between the OSS and the network. It is based on Metasolv's component OMS. OMS: A Centralized Order Management system that allows changing processes and adding interfaces automatically  • Off Shore Project Manager for various integration projects for the client. • Requirement Understanding for future development and enhancement by interacting with Client, E2E Solution Designers and other stake holders. • Prepared application performance improvement plan such CSIP (Continuous Service Improvement Plan), Get-well Plan. • Providing estimation of effort and timescale for all the project deliveries • Managing components deliveries impacted by various Releases • Perform project planning, scheduling, monitoring, and reporting activities. • Interface with the client team to update them on the issues, risks and status of the offshore delivery. • Part of Application/Detail Design team to design high level and low level of the integration work. • Ensure system is delivered within planned cost, timescale and resource budgets. • Perform Release Management • Effort Estimation, Cost estimation, Allocate work to the team, track and raise the queries and resolve issues related to deliveries. • Design, Development, Testing for various projects. • Change Requests/Maintenance Release • Resolving technical issues relating to application from offshore • Training &amp; Mentoring new resources for the Projects. • Oracle Database Migration, Application Migration to VDC environment. • Completed VDC Migration (DaaS, CaaS, MaaS) for various application  Along-side the responsibilities mentioned above I was involved in various initiatives by client for improvement in team efficiency like Six Sigma and Lean management that saved lots of efforts and in turns monetary benefits to customer.  We also developed solutions to various issues which reduced incidents count that also reduce turnaround time for resolution of the issue that engineer faced. For which we have received Blue Ribbon Award.    Team Lead  British Telecomm UK -  UK -  June 2006 to July 2010  EWMP-Tacticals contains Robotic systems formerly with the FastTrack solutions Team within BT. Robotic systems were developed with the purpose of reducing the manual/ repetitive work done by the Field engineers. This work is automated by Robots and User interface interacting with various systems like CSS, Work Manager and other components. It is bunch of 16 applications  • Off Shore Project Manager for various integration projects for the client. • Requirement Understanding for future development and enhancement by interacting with Client, E2E Solution Designers and other stake holders. • Prepared application performance improvement plan such CSIP (Continuous Service Improvement Plan), GetWell Plan. • Providing estimation of effort and timescale for all the project deliveries • Managing components deliveries impacted by various Releases • Perform project planning, scheduling, monitoring, and reporting activities. • Interface with the client team to update them on the issues, risks and status of the offshore delivery. • Part of Application/Detail Design team to design high level and low level of the integration work. • Ensure system is delivered within planned cost, timescale and resource budgets. • Perform Release Management • Effort Estimation, Cost estimation, Allocate work to the team, track and raise the queries and resolve issues related to deliveries. • Design, Development, Testing for various projects. • Change Requests/Maintenance Release • Resolving technical issues relating to application from offshore • Training &amp; Mentoring new resources for the Projects. • Oracle Database Migration, Application Migration to VDC environment. • Completed VDC Migration (DaaS, CaaS, MaaS) for various application before EOSL (End of life cycle of the application)  For one of the legacy application (FastQ) , we have provided L3 support, application basically developed Oracle HTTPS based and Tomcat as Service to handle it. During change in business level we have done development and changes for this application for which Customer gives me Start Team player award as this was legacy application and before this change there was no change done for more than 6 years.  System Analyst  GE Countrywide, Lending and Repay Management -  May 2005 to April 2006  Leasing functionality as per the standard defined by financial institution. It includes all the functionality from Creation of Group, Company, and Creation of Trenches, Disbursing Loan Agreement No. Capitalizing LAN. In Repayment Management System will take care of Installment receipt, Write-off cases, Charges for delinquent cases, Foreclosure of LAN etc    This application was developed from Scratch so involved in every part of application life cycle from requirement gathering till UAT support before go-live  • Database design, GUI design. • Development of database objects like procedure packages, and development of GUI. • Design and developed customized report as per client requirement. • Component testing. • End to end test support. • UAT support and post deployment support.  EDUCATION  Bachelor of Engineering in ELECTRONICS AND TELECOMMUNICATION  Amravati University -  Amravati, Maharashtra  1997 to 1999  Diploma in INDUSTRIAL ELECTRONICS  Technical Board of Education Bombay -  Mumbai, Maharashtra  1993 to 1996  SKILLS  MENTORING (10+ years), SCHEDULING (9 years), ORACLE (9 years), SOLUTIONS (9 years), BENEFITS (4 years)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  I.T KNOWLEDGE &amp; SKILLS Programming Languages: VB script, C, C++, Visual Basic, COM/DCOM Databases: Oracle, SQL, Development Tools: Toad, PL/SQL Developer, Crystal Report, Putty,Clarify, GSD, RTC, JIRA, Confluence, VSS, PVCS, Web Servers: IIS, Oracle HTTP Server on Windows, Weblogic 10.3, WebSphere, Apache Tomcat, MTS Batch Scheduling: Control-M, Cron0Jobs, Windows Schedulers Operating Systems: Windows […] Pro &amp; Server/XP Home &amp; Professional/2003 Server/ Vista/7 Pro &amp; Enterprise/8/10, MS-DOS, UNIX, Linux Windows Packages: Microsoft Office: (Word, Excel, Access, Outlook and PowerPoint), Oracle DBMS, Internet Explorer, Netscape, Lotus Notes, Adobe Flash, Photoshop, and CITRIX Metaframe 1.8/XP Transferable Skills: Excellent business skills, project management, presentation, interpersonal, communication and report writing skills, Team Mentoring  OTHER SKILLS • Sound customer-facing skills: drive demos, status calls, issues &amp; escalation handling and provide solutions which benefits the business and customer    • Dynamic Team leader, strong resource management, team building skills and conflict management. Strong in result oriented service delivery to the customer • Excellent cross-vendor communication skills • Strong Analytical &amp; problem solving ability and proactively drive opportunities to resolution without supervision
[11050, 11085] Rahul Tayade Global Production Support Lead, - Infosys Ltd (Technology Lead) - HSBC  Pune, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Rahul-Tayade/ce40c3731cb69763  • Total 12+ years of IT experience in the analysis, design, development, Testing support, implementation, CAT support and management of full life cycle applications, project coordination, managing development and support projects. • More than 7 years of experience on Project Leading support and maintenance project including enhancements of the application. • Over 4 years of Project Management experience on support/maintenance projects. • Managed multiple applications with team more than 16 members. • Involved in PM activities like dealing with customer, identifying new business, get new business, accordingly raising quotes, and get PO approved from customer, track the work and bill customer based on Resource Utilization, Workforce management, manage project costing by providing cost-effective solutions etc. • Involve in SIX Sigma and Lean initiative to remove the unwanted NVA (non-value add) improve on costing and performance side • Was deputed to client side UK-IPSWICH to deal with client and handle issues, achieve the client confidence by creating road map for improvement and improving performance and during that time customer satisfaction rating was increased to 4.9 from 4.4 out of 5. • Handled responsibilities as the single point of contact for various projects, transitioning and offshore coordinator. • As a ASG Project lead involved in ASG activities like resource management, work allocation, shift management, handling escalations, SLA performance and dashboard reporting, ITES Metric reports, Highlight reports, coordinating and performing deployments, QMG audits, PMR activities etc. • Practiced ITIL V3 processes during my tenure on application support projects which includes Service Transition, Service Operations (Incident management, Change Management, Problem Management) and Continual Service Improvements • Handled effort estimation using Function Point (IFPUG Guidelines), cost estimation and planning various projects. • Prepared performance improvement plan on activities related to application performance. • Managed and Delivered VDC Migrations, Database Migration projects. • Capacity planning, work load and work force planning. • Interact with the business analysts &amp; application leads to come up with technical designs based on the functional designs. • Worked extensively on Oracle PL/SQL, UNIX, Scripting and have good interpersonal skills. • Involved in Service transition and successfully completed all quality gates • Documented and Managed DR activities successfully • Involved in BCP planning and execution. • Team mentoring and help team when needed • Involved in escalations and resolve the issue smoothly by involving business stakeholders and team effectively.  WORK EXPERIENCE  Global Production Support Lead, - Infosys Ltd (Technology Lead)  https://www.indeed.com/r/Rahul-Tayade/ce40c3731cb69763?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   HSBC -  Pune, Maharashtra -  June 2016 to Present  Currently working in Global Standards IT under the CDD (Customer Due Diligence) program which is responsible for tackling financial crime by implementing new tools to better understand their customers.  I lead a global 24*7 production support team for a number of Tier 1 KYC (Know Your Client) FCR (Financial Crime Risk) applications and provide hands on application support to a user base across 35 countries in 42 markets, for HSBC and its subsidiaries First Direct and Marks &amp; Spencer Bank.  Tasks: • Mentoring team on Technical as well as Process front • Implementing new processes • Implementing a global 24*7 Support Model • Supporting the rollout of new customer onboarding tool across 35 countries • Supporting weekly release cycles  Responsibilities: • Offshore Leadership/People Management • Service Delivery Management • Stakeholder Management • Relationship Management • Service Recovery Management • Production Support • Incident Management • Problem Management • Change Management • Release Management &amp; Support during releases • Involve in Service Improvement Process for Faster and Smooth delivery • Resolving technical issues relating to application from offshore • Training &amp; Mentoring new resources for the Projects • Documentation and manage Knowledge bank for team reference • Documentation and execution of DR activities  Technology Lead  HSBC -  Pune, Maharashtra -  October 2015 to July 2016  Involved in Transition of application • Preparation of in Knowledge Transfer plan from HSBC to Infosys, • Managing KT schedules and made sure that it working as per plan • Managing variance and made sure that portion left should get discussed as per updated plans. • Mentoring new team on technical and process front • Helping team where laps in KT plan or miscommunications • Preparation and scheduling of Reverse KT plans and smooth execution of it    • Managing stake holders and business and give them confidence for moving support to new team • Made sure that this plan passed from all quality gates in order to start work from new team • Documentation of all these Knowledge and Process  Project Lead  British Telecom UK -  Pune, Maharashtra -  August 2010 to July 2015  FPQ system is used for entry and reporting of quality data. It is national database for all quality checks. It is used to record field performance quality scores of resources and based on the entry of it evaluate the quality scores. It is also used for score sheet and contractor management. Base on the score sheets auditors performs the transaction audits. FPQ also provides the transactional and statistical reports. V21 is crucial interface between the OSS and the network. It is based on Metasolv's component OMS. OMS: A Centralized Order Management system that allows changing processes and adding interfaces automatically  • Off Shore Project Manager for various integration projects for the client. • Requirement Understanding for future development and enhancement by interacting with Client, E2E Solution Designers and other stake holders. • Prepared application performance improvement plan such CSIP (Continuous Service Improvement Plan), Get-well Plan. • Providing estimation of effort and timescale for all the project deliveries • Managing components deliveries impacted by various Releases • Perform project planning, scheduling, monitoring, and reporting activities. • Interface with the client team to update them on the issues, risks and status of the offshore delivery. • Part of Application/Detail Design team to design high level and low level of the integration work. • Ensure system is delivered within planned cost, timescale and resource budgets. • Perform Release Management • Effort Estimation, Cost estimation, Allocate work to the team, track and raise the queries and resolve issues related to deliveries. • Design, Development, Testing for various projects. • Change Requests/Maintenance Release • Resolving technical issues relating to application from offshore • Training &amp; Mentoring new resources for the Projects. • Oracle Database Migration, Application Migration to VDC environment. • Completed VDC Migration (DaaS, CaaS, MaaS) for various application  Along-side the responsibilities mentioned above I was involved in various initiatives by client for improvement in team efficiency like Six Sigma and Lean management that saved lots of efforts and in turns monetary benefits to customer.  We also developed solutions to various issues which reduced incidents count that also reduce turnaround time for resolution of the issue that engineer faced. For which we have received Blue Ribbon Award.    Team Lead  British Telecomm UK -  UK -  June 2006 to July 2010  EWMP-Tacticals contains Robotic systems formerly with the FastTrack solutions Team within BT. Robotic systems were developed with the purpose of reducing the manual/ repetitive work done by the Field engineers. This work is automated by Robots and User interface interacting with various systems like CSS, Work Manager and other components. It is bunch of 16 applications  • Off Shore Project Manager for various integration projects for the client. • Requirement Understanding for future development and enhancement by interacting with Client, E2E Solution Designers and other stake holders. • Prepared application performance improvement plan such CSIP (Continuous Service Improvement Plan), GetWell Plan. • Providing estimation of effort and timescale for all the project deliveries • Managing components deliveries impacted by various Releases • Perform project planning, scheduling, monitoring, and reporting activities. • Interface with the client team to update them on the issues, risks and status of the offshore delivery. • Part of Application/Detail Design team to design high level and low level of the integration work. • Ensure system is delivered within planned cost, timescale and resource budgets. • Perform Release Management • Effort Estimation, Cost estimation, Allocate work to the team, track and raise the queries and resolve issues related to deliveries. • Design, Development, Testing for various projects. • Change Requests/Maintenance Release • Resolving technical issues relating to application from offshore • Training &amp; Mentoring new resources for the Projects. • Oracle Database Migration, Application Migration to VDC environment. • Completed VDC Migration (DaaS, CaaS, MaaS) for various application before EOSL (End of life cycle of the application)  For one of the legacy application (FastQ) , we have provided L3 support, application basically developed Oracle HTTPS based and Tomcat as Service to handle it. During change in business level we have done development and changes for this application for which Customer gives me Start Team player award as this was legacy application and before this change there was no change done for more than 6 years.  System Analyst  GE Countrywide, Lending and Repay Management -  May 2005 to April 2006  Leasing functionality as per the standard defined by financial institution. It includes all the functionality from Creation of Group, Company, and Creation of Trenches, Disbursing Loan Agreement No. Capitalizing LAN. In Repayment Management System will take care of Installment receipt, Write-off cases, Charges for delinquent cases, Foreclosure of LAN etc    This application was developed from Scratch so involved in every part of application life cycle from requirement gathering till UAT support before go-live  • Database design, GUI design. • Development of database objects like procedure packages, and development of GUI. • Design and developed customized report as per client requirement. • Component testing. • End to end test support. • UAT support and post deployment support.  EDUCATION  Bachelor of Engineering in ELECTRONICS AND TELECOMMUNICATION  Amravati University -  Amravati, Maharashtra  1997 to 1999  Diploma in INDUSTRIAL ELECTRONICS  Technical Board of Education Bombay -  Mumbai, Maharashtra  1993 to 1996  SKILLS  MENTORING (10+ years), SCHEDULING (9 years), ORACLE (9 years), SOLUTIONS (9 years), BENEFITS (4 years)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  I.T KNOWLEDGE &amp; SKILLS Programming Languages: VB script, C, C++, Visual Basic, COM/DCOM Databases: Oracle, SQL, Development Tools: Toad, PL/SQL Developer, Crystal Report, Putty,Clarify, GSD, RTC, JIRA, Confluence, VSS, PVCS, Web Servers: IIS, Oracle HTTP Server on Windows, Weblogic 10.3, WebSphere, Apache Tomcat, MTS Batch Scheduling: Control-M, Cron0Jobs, Windows Schedulers Operating Systems: Windows […] Pro &amp; Server/XP Home &amp; Professional/2003 Server/ Vista/7 Pro &amp; Enterprise/8/10, MS-DOS, UNIX, Linux Windows Packages: Microsoft Office: (Word, Excel, Access, Outlook and PowerPoint), Oracle DBMS, Internet Explorer, Netscape, Lotus Notes, Adobe Flash, Photoshop, and CITRIX Metaframe 1.8/XP Transferable Skills: Excellent business skills, project management, presentation, interpersonal, communication and report writing skills, Team Mentoring  OTHER SKILLS • Sound customer-facing skills: drive demos, status calls, issues &amp; escalation handling and provide solutions which benefits the business and customer    • Dynamic Team leader, strong resource management, team building skills and conflict management. Strong in result oriented service delivery to the customer • Excellent cross-vendor communication skills • Strong Analytical &amp; problem solving ability and proactively drive opportunities to resolution without supervision
[11015, 11048] Rahul Tayade Global Production Support Lead, - Infosys Ltd (Technology Lead) - HSBC  Pune, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Rahul-Tayade/ce40c3731cb69763  • Total 12+ years of IT experience in the analysis, design, development, Testing support, implementation, CAT support and management of full life cycle applications, project coordination, managing development and support projects. • More than 7 years of experience on Project Leading support and maintenance project including enhancements of the application. • Over 4 years of Project Management experience on support/maintenance projects. • Managed multiple applications with team more than 16 members. • Involved in PM activities like dealing with customer, identifying new business, get new business, accordingly raising quotes, and get PO approved from customer, track the work and bill customer based on Resource Utilization, Workforce management, manage project costing by providing cost-effective solutions etc. • Involve in SIX Sigma and Lean initiative to remove the unwanted NVA (non-value add) improve on costing and performance side • Was deputed to client side UK-IPSWICH to deal with client and handle issues, achieve the client confidence by creating road map for improvement and improving performance and during that time customer satisfaction rating was increased to 4.9 from 4.4 out of 5. • Handled responsibilities as the single point of contact for various projects, transitioning and offshore coordinator. • As a ASG Project lead involved in ASG activities like resource management, work allocation, shift management, handling escalations, SLA performance and dashboard reporting, ITES Metric reports, Highlight reports, coordinating and performing deployments, QMG audits, PMR activities etc. • Practiced ITIL V3 processes during my tenure on application support projects which includes Service Transition, Service Operations (Incident management, Change Management, Problem Management) and Continual Service Improvements • Handled effort estimation using Function Point (IFPUG Guidelines), cost estimation and planning various projects. • Prepared performance improvement plan on activities related to application performance. • Managed and Delivered VDC Migrations, Database Migration projects. • Capacity planning, work load and work force planning. • Interact with the business analysts &amp; application leads to come up with technical designs based on the functional designs. • Worked extensively on Oracle PL/SQL, UNIX, Scripting and have good interpersonal skills. • Involved in Service transition and successfully completed all quality gates • Documented and Managed DR activities successfully • Involved in BCP planning and execution. • Team mentoring and help team when needed • Involved in escalations and resolve the issue smoothly by involving business stakeholders and team effectively.  WORK EXPERIENCE  Global Production Support Lead, - Infosys Ltd (Technology Lead)  https://www.indeed.com/r/Rahul-Tayade/ce40c3731cb69763?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   HSBC -  Pune, Maharashtra -  June 2016 to Present  Currently working in Global Standards IT under the CDD (Customer Due Diligence) program which is responsible for tackling financial crime by implementing new tools to better understand their customers.  I lead a global 24*7 production support team for a number of Tier 1 KYC (Know Your Client) FCR (Financial Crime Risk) applications and provide hands on application support to a user base across 35 countries in 42 markets, for HSBC and its subsidiaries First Direct and Marks &amp; Spencer Bank.  Tasks: • Mentoring team on Technical as well as Process front • Implementing new processes • Implementing a global 24*7 Support Model • Supporting the rollout of new customer onboarding tool across 35 countries • Supporting weekly release cycles  Responsibilities: • Offshore Leadership/People Management • Service Delivery Management • Stakeholder Management • Relationship Management • Service Recovery Management • Production Support • Incident Management • Problem Management • Change Management • Release Management &amp; Support during releases • Involve in Service Improvement Process for Faster and Smooth delivery • Resolving technical issues relating to application from offshore • Training &amp; Mentoring new resources for the Projects • Documentation and manage Knowledge bank for team reference • Documentation and execution of DR activities  Technology Lead  HSBC -  Pune, Maharashtra -  October 2015 to July 2016  Involved in Transition of application • Preparation of in Knowledge Transfer plan from HSBC to Infosys, • Managing KT schedules and made sure that it working as per plan • Managing variance and made sure that portion left should get discussed as per updated plans. • Mentoring new team on technical and process front • Helping team where laps in KT plan or miscommunications • Preparation and scheduling of Reverse KT plans and smooth execution of it    • Managing stake holders and business and give them confidence for moving support to new team • Made sure that this plan passed from all quality gates in order to start work from new team • Documentation of all these Knowledge and Process  Project Lead  British Telecom UK -  Pune, Maharashtra -  August 2010 to July 2015  FPQ system is used for entry and reporting of quality data. It is national database for all quality checks. It is used to record field performance quality scores of resources and based on the entry of it evaluate the quality scores. It is also used for score sheet and contractor management. Base on the score sheets auditors performs the transaction audits. FPQ also provides the transactional and statistical reports. V21 is crucial interface between the OSS and the network. It is based on Metasolv's component OMS. OMS: A Centralized Order Management system that allows changing processes and adding interfaces automatically  • Off Shore Project Manager for various integration projects for the client. • Requirement Understanding for future development and enhancement by interacting with Client, E2E Solution Designers and other stake holders. • Prepared application performance improvement plan such CSIP (Continuous Service Improvement Plan), Get-well Plan. • Providing estimation of effort and timescale for all the project deliveries • Managing components deliveries impacted by various Releases • Perform project planning, scheduling, monitoring, and reporting activities. • Interface with the client team to update them on the issues, risks and status of the offshore delivery. • Part of Application/Detail Design team to design high level and low level of the integration work. • Ensure system is delivered within planned cost, timescale and resource budgets. • Perform Release Management • Effort Estimation, Cost estimation, Allocate work to the team, track and raise the queries and resolve issues related to deliveries. • Design, Development, Testing for various projects. • Change Requests/Maintenance Release • Resolving technical issues relating to application from offshore • Training &amp; Mentoring new resources for the Projects. • Oracle Database Migration, Application Migration to VDC environment. • Completed VDC Migration (DaaS, CaaS, MaaS) for various application  Along-side the responsibilities mentioned above I was involved in various initiatives by client for improvement in team efficiency like Six Sigma and Lean management that saved lots of efforts and in turns monetary benefits to customer.  We also developed solutions to various issues which reduced incidents count that also reduce turnaround time for resolution of the issue that engineer faced. For which we have received Blue Ribbon Award.    Team Lead  British Telecomm UK -  UK -  June 2006 to July 2010  EWMP-Tacticals contains Robotic systems formerly with the FastTrack solutions Team within BT. Robotic systems were developed with the purpose of reducing the manual/ repetitive work done by the Field engineers. This work is automated by Robots and User interface interacting with various systems like CSS, Work Manager and other components. It is bunch of 16 applications  • Off Shore Project Manager for various integration projects for the client. • Requirement Understanding for future development and enhancement by interacting with Client, E2E Solution Designers and other stake holders. • Prepared application performance improvement plan such CSIP (Continuous Service Improvement Plan), GetWell Plan. • Providing estimation of effort and timescale for all the project deliveries • Managing components deliveries impacted by various Releases • Perform project planning, scheduling, monitoring, and reporting activities. • Interface with the client team to update them on the issues, risks and status of the offshore delivery. • Part of Application/Detail Design team to design high level and low level of the integration work. • Ensure system is delivered within planned cost, timescale and resource budgets. • Perform Release Management • Effort Estimation, Cost estimation, Allocate work to the team, track and raise the queries and resolve issues related to deliveries. • Design, Development, Testing for various projects. • Change Requests/Maintenance Release • Resolving technical issues relating to application from offshore • Training &amp; Mentoring new resources for the Projects. • Oracle Database Migration, Application Migration to VDC environment. • Completed VDC Migration (DaaS, CaaS, MaaS) for various application before EOSL (End of life cycle of the application)  For one of the legacy application (FastQ) , we have provided L3 support, application basically developed Oracle HTTPS based and Tomcat as Service to handle it. During change in business level we have done development and changes for this application for which Customer gives me Start Team player award as this was legacy application and before this change there was no change done for more than 6 years.  System Analyst  GE Countrywide, Lending and Repay Management -  May 2005 to April 2006  Leasing functionality as per the standard defined by financial institution. It includes all the functionality from Creation of Group, Company, and Creation of Trenches, Disbursing Loan Agreement No. Capitalizing LAN. In Repayment Management System will take care of Installment receipt, Write-off cases, Charges for delinquent cases, Foreclosure of LAN etc    This application was developed from Scratch so involved in every part of application life cycle from requirement gathering till UAT support before go-live  • Database design, GUI design. • Development of database objects like procedure packages, and development of GUI. • Design and developed customized report as per client requirement. • Component testing. • End to end test support. • UAT support and post deployment support.  EDUCATION  Bachelor of Engineering in ELECTRONICS AND TELECOMMUNICATION  Amravati University -  Amravati, Maharashtra  1997 to 1999  Diploma in INDUSTRIAL ELECTRONICS  Technical Board of Education Bombay -  Mumbai, Maharashtra  1993 to 1996  SKILLS  MENTORING (10+ years), SCHEDULING (9 years), ORACLE (9 years), SOLUTIONS (9 years), BENEFITS (4 years)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  I.T KNOWLEDGE &amp; SKILLS Programming Languages: VB script, C, C++, Visual Basic, COM/DCOM Databases: Oracle, SQL, Development Tools: Toad, PL/SQL Developer, Crystal Report, Putty,Clarify, GSD, RTC, JIRA, Confluence, VSS, PVCS, Web Servers: IIS, Oracle HTTP Server on Windows, Weblogic 10.3, WebSphere, Apache Tomcat, MTS Batch Scheduling: Control-M, Cron0Jobs, Windows Schedulers Operating Systems: Windows […] Pro &amp; Server/XP Home &amp; Professional/2003 Server/ Vista/7 Pro &amp; Enterprise/8/10, MS-DOS, UNIX, Linux Windows Packages: Microsoft Office: (Word, Excel, Access, Outlook and PowerPoint), Oracle DBMS, Internet Explorer, Netscape, Lotus Notes, Adobe Flash, Photoshop, and CITRIX Metaframe 1.8/XP Transferable Skills: Excellent business skills, project management, presentation, interpersonal, communication and report writing skills, Team Mentoring  OTHER SKILLS • Sound customer-facing skills: drive demos, status calls, issues &amp; escalation handling and provide solutions which benefits the business and customer    • Dynamic Team leader, strong resource management, team building skills and conflict management. Strong in result oriented service delivery to the customer • Excellent cross-vendor communication skills • Strong Analytical &amp; problem solving ability and proactively drive opportunities to resolution without supervision
[10893, 10953] Rahul Tayade Global Production Support Lead, - Infosys Ltd (Technology Lead) - HSBC  Pune, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Rahul-Tayade/ce40c3731cb69763  • Total 12+ years of IT experience in the analysis, design, development, Testing support, implementation, CAT support and management of full life cycle applications, project coordination, managing development and support projects. • More than 7 years of experience on Project Leading support and maintenance project including enhancements of the application. • Over 4 years of Project Management experience on support/maintenance projects. • Managed multiple applications with team more than 16 members. • Involved in PM activities like dealing with customer, identifying new business, get new business, accordingly raising quotes, and get PO approved from customer, track the work and bill customer based on Resource Utilization, Workforce management, manage project costing by providing cost-effective solutions etc. • Involve in SIX Sigma and Lean initiative to remove the unwanted NVA (non-value add) improve on costing and performance side • Was deputed to client side UK-IPSWICH to deal with client and handle issues, achieve the client confidence by creating road map for improvement and improving performance and during that time customer satisfaction rating was increased to 4.9 from 4.4 out of 5. • Handled responsibilities as the single point of contact for various projects, transitioning and offshore coordinator. • As a ASG Project lead involved in ASG activities like resource management, work allocation, shift management, handling escalations, SLA performance and dashboard reporting, ITES Metric reports, Highlight reports, coordinating and performing deployments, QMG audits, PMR activities etc. • Practiced ITIL V3 processes during my tenure on application support projects which includes Service Transition, Service Operations (Incident management, Change Management, Problem Management) and Continual Service Improvements • Handled effort estimation using Function Point (IFPUG Guidelines), cost estimation and planning various projects. • Prepared performance improvement plan on activities related to application performance. • Managed and Delivered VDC Migrations, Database Migration projects. • Capacity planning, work load and work force planning. • Interact with the business analysts &amp; application leads to come up with technical designs based on the functional designs. • Worked extensively on Oracle PL/SQL, UNIX, Scripting and have good interpersonal skills. • Involved in Service transition and successfully completed all quality gates • Documented and Managed DR activities successfully • Involved in BCP planning and execution. • Team mentoring and help team when needed • Involved in escalations and resolve the issue smoothly by involving business stakeholders and team effectively.  WORK EXPERIENCE  Global Production Support Lead, - Infosys Ltd (Technology Lead)  https://www.indeed.com/r/Rahul-Tayade/ce40c3731cb69763?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   HSBC -  Pune, Maharashtra -  June 2016 to Present  Currently working in Global Standards IT under the CDD (Customer Due Diligence) program which is responsible for tackling financial crime by implementing new tools to better understand their customers.  I lead a global 24*7 production support team for a number of Tier 1 KYC (Know Your Client) FCR (Financial Crime Risk) applications and provide hands on application support to a user base across 35 countries in 42 markets, for HSBC and its subsidiaries First Direct and Marks &amp; Spencer Bank.  Tasks: • Mentoring team on Technical as well as Process front • Implementing new processes • Implementing a global 24*7 Support Model • Supporting the rollout of new customer onboarding tool across 35 countries • Supporting weekly release cycles  Responsibilities: • Offshore Leadership/People Management • Service Delivery Management • Stakeholder Management • Relationship Management • Service Recovery Management • Production Support • Incident Management • Problem Management • Change Management • Release Management &amp; Support during releases • Involve in Service Improvement Process for Faster and Smooth delivery • Resolving technical issues relating to application from offshore • Training &amp; Mentoring new resources for the Projects • Documentation and manage Knowledge bank for team reference • Documentation and execution of DR activities  Technology Lead  HSBC -  Pune, Maharashtra -  October 2015 to July 2016  Involved in Transition of application • Preparation of in Knowledge Transfer plan from HSBC to Infosys, • Managing KT schedules and made sure that it working as per plan • Managing variance and made sure that portion left should get discussed as per updated plans. • Mentoring new team on technical and process front • Helping team where laps in KT plan or miscommunications • Preparation and scheduling of Reverse KT plans and smooth execution of it    • Managing stake holders and business and give them confidence for moving support to new team • Made sure that this plan passed from all quality gates in order to start work from new team • Documentation of all these Knowledge and Process  Project Lead  British Telecom UK -  Pune, Maharashtra -  August 2010 to July 2015  FPQ system is used for entry and reporting of quality data. It is national database for all quality checks. It is used to record field performance quality scores of resources and based on the entry of it evaluate the quality scores. It is also used for score sheet and contractor management. Base on the score sheets auditors performs the transaction audits. FPQ also provides the transactional and statistical reports. V21 is crucial interface between the OSS and the network. It is based on Metasolv's component OMS. OMS: A Centralized Order Management system that allows changing processes and adding interfaces automatically  • Off Shore Project Manager for various integration projects for the client. • Requirement Understanding for future development and enhancement by interacting with Client, E2E Solution Designers and other stake holders. • Prepared application performance improvement plan such CSIP (Continuous Service Improvement Plan), Get-well Plan. • Providing estimation of effort and timescale for all the project deliveries • Managing components deliveries impacted by various Releases • Perform project planning, scheduling, monitoring, and reporting activities. • Interface with the client team to update them on the issues, risks and status of the offshore delivery. • Part of Application/Detail Design team to design high level and low level of the integration work. • Ensure system is delivered within planned cost, timescale and resource budgets. • Perform Release Management • Effort Estimation, Cost estimation, Allocate work to the team, track and raise the queries and resolve issues related to deliveries. • Design, Development, Testing for various projects. • Change Requests/Maintenance Release • Resolving technical issues relating to application from offshore • Training &amp; Mentoring new resources for the Projects. • Oracle Database Migration, Application Migration to VDC environment. • Completed VDC Migration (DaaS, CaaS, MaaS) for various application  Along-side the responsibilities mentioned above I was involved in various initiatives by client for improvement in team efficiency like Six Sigma and Lean management that saved lots of efforts and in turns monetary benefits to customer.  We also developed solutions to various issues which reduced incidents count that also reduce turnaround time for resolution of the issue that engineer faced. For which we have received Blue Ribbon Award.    Team Lead  British Telecomm UK -  UK -  June 2006 to July 2010  EWMP-Tacticals contains Robotic systems formerly with the FastTrack solutions Team within BT. Robotic systems were developed with the purpose of reducing the manual/ repetitive work done by the Field engineers. This work is automated by Robots and User interface interacting with various systems like CSS, Work Manager and other components. It is bunch of 16 applications  • Off Shore Project Manager for various integration projects for the client. • Requirement Understanding for future development and enhancement by interacting with Client, E2E Solution Designers and other stake holders. • Prepared application performance improvement plan such CSIP (Continuous Service Improvement Plan), GetWell Plan. • Providing estimation of effort and timescale for all the project deliveries • Managing components deliveries impacted by various Releases • Perform project planning, scheduling, monitoring, and reporting activities. • Interface with the client team to update them on the issues, risks and status of the offshore delivery. • Part of Application/Detail Design team to design high level and low level of the integration work. • Ensure system is delivered within planned cost, timescale and resource budgets. • Perform Release Management • Effort Estimation, Cost estimation, Allocate work to the team, track and raise the queries and resolve issues related to deliveries. • Design, Development, Testing for various projects. • Change Requests/Maintenance Release • Resolving technical issues relating to application from offshore • Training &amp; Mentoring new resources for the Projects. • Oracle Database Migration, Application Migration to VDC environment. • Completed VDC Migration (DaaS, CaaS, MaaS) for various application before EOSL (End of life cycle of the application)  For one of the legacy application (FastQ) , we have provided L3 support, application basically developed Oracle HTTPS based and Tomcat as Service to handle it. During change in business level we have done development and changes for this application for which Customer gives me Start Team player award as this was legacy application and before this change there was no change done for more than 6 years.  System Analyst  GE Countrywide, Lending and Repay Management -  May 2005 to April 2006  Leasing functionality as per the standard defined by financial institution. It includes all the functionality from Creation of Group, Company, and Creation of Trenches, Disbursing Loan Agreement No. Capitalizing LAN. In Repayment Management System will take care of Installment receipt, Write-off cases, Charges for delinquent cases, Foreclosure of LAN etc    This application was developed from Scratch so involved in every part of application life cycle from requirement gathering till UAT support before go-live  • Database design, GUI design. • Development of database objects like procedure packages, and development of GUI. • Design and developed customized report as per client requirement. • Component testing. • End to end test support. • UAT support and post deployment support.  EDUCATION  Bachelor of Engineering in ELECTRONICS AND TELECOMMUNICATION  Amravati University -  Amravati, Maharashtra  1997 to 1999  Diploma in INDUSTRIAL ELECTRONICS  Technical Board of Education Bombay -  Mumbai, Maharashtra  1993 to 1996  SKILLS  MENTORING (10+ years), SCHEDULING (9 years), ORACLE (9 years), SOLUTIONS (9 years), BENEFITS (4 years)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  I.T KNOWLEDGE &amp; SKILLS Programming Languages: VB script, C, C++, Visual Basic, COM/DCOM Databases: Oracle, SQL, Development Tools: Toad, PL/SQL Developer, Crystal Report, Putty,Clarify, GSD, RTC, JIRA, Confluence, VSS, PVCS, Web Servers: IIS, Oracle HTTP Server on Windows, Weblogic 10.3, WebSphere, Apache Tomcat, MTS Batch Scheduling: Control-M, Cron0Jobs, Windows Schedulers Operating Systems: Windows […] Pro &amp; Server/XP Home &amp; Professional/2003 Server/ Vista/7 Pro &amp; Enterprise/8/10, MS-DOS, UNIX, Linux Windows Packages: Microsoft Office: (Word, Excel, Access, Outlook and PowerPoint), Oracle DBMS, Internet Explorer, Netscape, Lotus Notes, Adobe Flash, Photoshop, and CITRIX Metaframe 1.8/XP Transferable Skills: Excellent business skills, project management, presentation, interpersonal, communication and report writing skills, Team Mentoring  OTHER SKILLS • Sound customer-facing skills: drive demos, status calls, issues &amp; escalation handling and provide solutions which benefits the business and customer    • Dynamic Team leader, strong resource management, team building skills and conflict management. Strong in result oriented service delivery to the customer • Excellent cross-vendor communication skills • Strong Analytical &amp; problem solving ability and proactively drive opportunities to resolution without supervision
[5268, 5272] Rahul Tayade Global Production Support Lead, - Infosys Ltd (Technology Lead) - HSBC  Pune, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Rahul-Tayade/ce40c3731cb69763  • Total 12+ years of IT experience in the analysis, design, development, Testing support, implementation, CAT support and management of full life cycle applications, project coordination, managing development and support projects. • More than 7 years of experience on Project Leading support and maintenance project including enhancements of the application. • Over 4 years of Project Management experience on support/maintenance projects. • Managed multiple applications with team more than 16 members. • Involved in PM activities like dealing with customer, identifying new business, get new business, accordingly raising quotes, and get PO approved from customer, track the work and bill customer based on Resource Utilization, Workforce management, manage project costing by providing cost-effective solutions etc. • Involve in SIX Sigma and Lean initiative to remove the unwanted NVA (non-value add) improve on costing and performance side • Was deputed to client side UK-IPSWICH to deal with client and handle issues, achieve the client confidence by creating road map for improvement and improving performance and during that time customer satisfaction rating was increased to 4.9 from 4.4 out of 5. • Handled responsibilities as the single point of contact for various projects, transitioning and offshore coordinator. • As a ASG Project lead involved in ASG activities like resource management, work allocation, shift management, handling escalations, SLA performance and dashboard reporting, ITES Metric reports, Highlight reports, coordinating and performing deployments, QMG audits, PMR activities etc. • Practiced ITIL V3 processes during my tenure on application support projects which includes Service Transition, Service Operations (Incident management, Change Management, Problem Management) and Continual Service Improvements • Handled effort estimation using Function Point (IFPUG Guidelines), cost estimation and planning various projects. • Prepared performance improvement plan on activities related to application performance. • Managed and Delivered VDC Migrations, Database Migration projects. • Capacity planning, work load and work force planning. • Interact with the business analysts &amp; application leads to come up with technical designs based on the functional designs. • Worked extensively on Oracle PL/SQL, UNIX, Scripting and have good interpersonal skills. • Involved in Service transition and successfully completed all quality gates • Documented and Managed DR activities successfully • Involved in BCP planning and execution. • Team mentoring and help team when needed • Involved in escalations and resolve the issue smoothly by involving business stakeholders and team effectively.  WORK EXPERIENCE  Global Production Support Lead, - Infosys Ltd (Technology Lead)  https://www.indeed.com/r/Rahul-Tayade/ce40c3731cb69763?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   HSBC -  Pune, Maharashtra -  June 2016 to Present  Currently working in Global Standards IT under the CDD (Customer Due Diligence) program which is responsible for tackling financial crime by implementing new tools to better understand their customers.  I lead a global 24*7 production support team for a number of Tier 1 KYC (Know Your Client) FCR (Financial Crime Risk) applications and provide hands on application support to a user base across 35 countries in 42 markets, for HSBC and its subsidiaries First Direct and Marks &amp; Spencer Bank.  Tasks: • Mentoring team on Technical as well as Process front • Implementing new processes • Implementing a global 24*7 Support Model • Supporting the rollout of new customer onboarding tool across 35 countries • Supporting weekly release cycles  Responsibilities: • Offshore Leadership/People Management • Service Delivery Management • Stakeholder Management • Relationship Management • Service Recovery Management • Production Support • Incident Management • Problem Management • Change Management • Release Management &amp; Support during releases • Involve in Service Improvement Process for Faster and Smooth delivery • Resolving technical issues relating to application from offshore • Training &amp; Mentoring new resources for the Projects • Documentation and manage Knowledge bank for team reference • Documentation and execution of DR activities  Technology Lead  HSBC -  Pune, Maharashtra -  October 2015 to July 2016  Involved in Transition of application • Preparation of in Knowledge Transfer plan from HSBC to Infosys, • Managing KT schedules and made sure that it working as per plan • Managing variance and made sure that portion left should get discussed as per updated plans. • Mentoring new team on technical and process front • Helping team where laps in KT plan or miscommunications • Preparation and scheduling of Reverse KT plans and smooth execution of it    • Managing stake holders and business and give them confidence for moving support to new team • Made sure that this plan passed from all quality gates in order to start work from new team • Documentation of all these Knowledge and Process  Project Lead  British Telecom UK -  Pune, Maharashtra -  August 2010 to July 2015  FPQ system is used for entry and reporting of quality data. It is national database for all quality checks. It is used to record field performance quality scores of resources and based on the entry of it evaluate the quality scores. It is also used for score sheet and contractor management. Base on the score sheets auditors performs the transaction audits. FPQ also provides the transactional and statistical reports. V21 is crucial interface between the OSS and the network. It is based on Metasolv's component OMS. OMS: A Centralized Order Management system that allows changing processes and adding interfaces automatically  • Off Shore Project Manager for various integration projects for the client. • Requirement Understanding for future development and enhancement by interacting with Client, E2E Solution Designers and other stake holders. • Prepared application performance improvement plan such CSIP (Continuous Service Improvement Plan), Get-well Plan. • Providing estimation of effort and timescale for all the project deliveries • Managing components deliveries impacted by various Releases • Perform project planning, scheduling, monitoring, and reporting activities. • Interface with the client team to update them on the issues, risks and status of the offshore delivery. • Part of Application/Detail Design team to design high level and low level of the integration work. • Ensure system is delivered within planned cost, timescale and resource budgets. • Perform Release Management • Effort Estimation, Cost estimation, Allocate work to the team, track and raise the queries and resolve issues related to deliveries. • Design, Development, Testing for various projects. • Change Requests/Maintenance Release • Resolving technical issues relating to application from offshore • Training &amp; Mentoring new resources for the Projects. • Oracle Database Migration, Application Migration to VDC environment. • Completed VDC Migration (DaaS, CaaS, MaaS) for various application  Along-side the responsibilities mentioned above I was involved in various initiatives by client for improvement in team efficiency like Six Sigma and Lean management that saved lots of efforts and in turns monetary benefits to customer.  We also developed solutions to various issues which reduced incidents count that also reduce turnaround time for resolution of the issue that engineer faced. For which we have received Blue Ribbon Award.    Team Lead  British Telecomm UK -  UK -  June 2006 to July 2010  EWMP-Tacticals contains Robotic systems formerly with the FastTrack solutions Team within BT. Robotic systems were developed with the purpose of reducing the manual/ repetitive work done by the Field engineers. This work is automated by Robots and User interface interacting with various systems like CSS, Work Manager and other components. It is bunch of 16 applications  • Off Shore Project Manager for various integration projects for the client. • Requirement Understanding for future development and enhancement by interacting with Client, E2E Solution Designers and other stake holders. • Prepared application performance improvement plan such CSIP (Continuous Service Improvement Plan), GetWell Plan. • Providing estimation of effort and timescale for all the project deliveries • Managing components deliveries impacted by various Releases • Perform project planning, scheduling, monitoring, and reporting activities. • Interface with the client team to update them on the issues, risks and status of the offshore delivery. • Part of Application/Detail Design team to design high level and low level of the integration work. • Ensure system is delivered within planned cost, timescale and resource budgets. • Perform Release Management • Effort Estimation, Cost estimation, Allocate work to the team, track and raise the queries and resolve issues related to deliveries. • Design, Development, Testing for various projects. • Change Requests/Maintenance Release • Resolving technical issues relating to application from offshore • Training &amp; Mentoring new resources for the Projects. • Oracle Database Migration, Application Migration to VDC environment. • Completed VDC Migration (DaaS, CaaS, MaaS) for various application before EOSL (End of life cycle of the application)  For one of the legacy application (FastQ) , we have provided L3 support, application basically developed Oracle HTTPS based and Tomcat as Service to handle it. During change in business level we have done development and changes for this application for which Customer gives me Start Team player award as this was legacy application and before this change there was no change done for more than 6 years.  System Analyst  GE Countrywide, Lending and Repay Management -  May 2005 to April 2006  Leasing functionality as per the standard defined by financial institution. It includes all the functionality from Creation of Group, Company, and Creation of Trenches, Disbursing Loan Agreement No. Capitalizing LAN. In Repayment Management System will take care of Installment receipt, Write-off cases, Charges for delinquent cases, Foreclosure of LAN etc    This application was developed from Scratch so involved in every part of application life cycle from requirement gathering till UAT support before go-live  • Database design, GUI design. • Development of database objects like procedure packages, and development of GUI. • Design and developed customized report as per client requirement. • Component testing. • End to end test support. • UAT support and post deployment support.  EDUCATION  Bachelor of Engineering in ELECTRONICS AND TELECOMMUNICATION  Amravati University -  Amravati, Maharashtra  1997 to 1999  Diploma in INDUSTRIAL ELECTRONICS  Technical Board of Education Bombay -  Mumbai, Maharashtra  1993 to 1996  SKILLS  MENTORING (10+ years), SCHEDULING (9 years), ORACLE (9 years), SOLUTIONS (9 years), BENEFITS (4 years)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  I.T KNOWLEDGE &amp; SKILLS Programming Languages: VB script, C, C++, Visual Basic, COM/DCOM Databases: Oracle, SQL, Development Tools: Toad, PL/SQL Developer, Crystal Report, Putty,Clarify, GSD, RTC, JIRA, Confluence, VSS, PVCS, Web Servers: IIS, Oracle HTTP Server on Windows, Weblogic 10.3, WebSphere, Apache Tomcat, MTS Batch Scheduling: Control-M, Cron0Jobs, Windows Schedulers Operating Systems: Windows […] Pro &amp; Server/XP Home &amp; Professional/2003 Server/ Vista/7 Pro &amp; Enterprise/8/10, MS-DOS, UNIX, Linux Windows Packages: Microsoft Office: (Word, Excel, Access, Outlook and PowerPoint), Oracle DBMS, Internet Explorer, Netscape, Lotus Notes, Adobe Flash, Photoshop, and CITRIX Metaframe 1.8/XP Transferable Skills: Excellent business skills, project management, presentation, interpersonal, communication and report writing skills, Team Mentoring  OTHER SKILLS • Sound customer-facing skills: drive demos, status calls, issues &amp; escalation handling and provide solutions which benefits the business and customer    • Dynamic Team leader, strong resource management, team building skills and conflict management. Strong in result oriented service delivery to the customer • Excellent cross-vendor communication skills • Strong Analytical &amp; problem solving ability and proactively drive opportunities to resolution without supervision
[4490, 4494] Rahul Tayade Global Production Support Lead, - Infosys Ltd (Technology Lead) - HSBC  Pune, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Rahul-Tayade/ce40c3731cb69763  • Total 12+ years of IT experience in the analysis, design, development, Testing support, implementation, CAT support and management of full life cycle applications, project coordination, managing development and support projects. • More than 7 years of experience on Project Leading support and maintenance project including enhancements of the application. • Over 4 years of Project Management experience on support/maintenance projects. • Managed multiple applications with team more than 16 members. • Involved in PM activities like dealing with customer, identifying new business, get new business, accordingly raising quotes, and get PO approved from customer, track the work and bill customer based on Resource Utilization, Workforce management, manage project costing by providing cost-effective solutions etc. • Involve in SIX Sigma and Lean initiative to remove the unwanted NVA (non-value add) improve on costing and performance side • Was deputed to client side UK-IPSWICH to deal with client and handle issues, achieve the client confidence by creating road map for improvement and improving performance and during that time customer satisfaction rating was increased to 4.9 from 4.4 out of 5. • Handled responsibilities as the single point of contact for various projects, transitioning and offshore coordinator. • As a ASG Project lead involved in ASG activities like resource management, work allocation, shift management, handling escalations, SLA performance and dashboard reporting, ITES Metric reports, Highlight reports, coordinating and performing deployments, QMG audits, PMR activities etc. • Practiced ITIL V3 processes during my tenure on application support projects which includes Service Transition, Service Operations (Incident management, Change Management, Problem Management) and Continual Service Improvements • Handled effort estimation using Function Point (IFPUG Guidelines), cost estimation and planning various projects. • Prepared performance improvement plan on activities related to application performance. • Managed and Delivered VDC Migrations, Database Migration projects. • Capacity planning, work load and work force planning. • Interact with the business analysts &amp; application leads to come up with technical designs based on the functional designs. • Worked extensively on Oracle PL/SQL, UNIX, Scripting and have good interpersonal skills. • Involved in Service transition and successfully completed all quality gates • Documented and Managed DR activities successfully • Involved in BCP planning and execution. • Team mentoring and help team when needed • Involved in escalations and resolve the issue smoothly by involving business stakeholders and team effectively.  WORK EXPERIENCE  Global Production Support Lead, - Infosys Ltd (Technology Lead)  https://www.indeed.com/r/Rahul-Tayade/ce40c3731cb69763?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   HSBC -  Pune, Maharashtra -  June 2016 to Present  Currently working in Global Standards IT under the CDD (Customer Due Diligence) program which is responsible for tackling financial crime by implementing new tools to better understand their customers.  I lead a global 24*7 production support team for a number of Tier 1 KYC (Know Your Client) FCR (Financial Crime Risk) applications and provide hands on application support to a user base across 35 countries in 42 markets, for HSBC and its subsidiaries First Direct and Marks &amp; Spencer Bank.  Tasks: • Mentoring team on Technical as well as Process front • Implementing new processes • Implementing a global 24*7 Support Model • Supporting the rollout of new customer onboarding tool across 35 countries • Supporting weekly release cycles  Responsibilities: • Offshore Leadership/People Management • Service Delivery Management • Stakeholder Management • Relationship Management • Service Recovery Management • Production Support • Incident Management • Problem Management • Change Management • Release Management &amp; Support during releases • Involve in Service Improvement Process for Faster and Smooth delivery • Resolving technical issues relating to application from offshore • Training &amp; Mentoring new resources for the Projects • Documentation and manage Knowledge bank for team reference • Documentation and execution of DR activities  Technology Lead  HSBC -  Pune, Maharashtra -  October 2015 to July 2016  Involved in Transition of application • Preparation of in Knowledge Transfer plan from HSBC to Infosys, • Managing KT schedules and made sure that it working as per plan • Managing variance and made sure that portion left should get discussed as per updated plans. • Mentoring new team on technical and process front • Helping team where laps in KT plan or miscommunications • Preparation and scheduling of Reverse KT plans and smooth execution of it    • Managing stake holders and business and give them confidence for moving support to new team • Made sure that this plan passed from all quality gates in order to start work from new team • Documentation of all these Knowledge and Process  Project Lead  British Telecom UK -  Pune, Maharashtra -  August 2010 to July 2015  FPQ system is used for entry and reporting of quality data. It is national database for all quality checks. It is used to record field performance quality scores of resources and based on the entry of it evaluate the quality scores. It is also used for score sheet and contractor management. Base on the score sheets auditors performs the transaction audits. FPQ also provides the transactional and statistical reports. V21 is crucial interface between the OSS and the network. It is based on Metasolv's component OMS. OMS: A Centralized Order Management system that allows changing processes and adding interfaces automatically  • Off Shore Project Manager for various integration projects for the client. • Requirement Understanding for future development and enhancement by interacting with Client, E2E Solution Designers and other stake holders. • Prepared application performance improvement plan such CSIP (Continuous Service Improvement Plan), Get-well Plan. • Providing estimation of effort and timescale for all the project deliveries • Managing components deliveries impacted by various Releases • Perform project planning, scheduling, monitoring, and reporting activities. • Interface with the client team to update them on the issues, risks and status of the offshore delivery. • Part of Application/Detail Design team to design high level and low level of the integration work. • Ensure system is delivered within planned cost, timescale and resource budgets. • Perform Release Management • Effort Estimation, Cost estimation, Allocate work to the team, track and raise the queries and resolve issues related to deliveries. • Design, Development, Testing for various projects. • Change Requests/Maintenance Release • Resolving technical issues relating to application from offshore • Training &amp; Mentoring new resources for the Projects. • Oracle Database Migration, Application Migration to VDC environment. • Completed VDC Migration (DaaS, CaaS, MaaS) for various application  Along-side the responsibilities mentioned above I was involved in various initiatives by client for improvement in team efficiency like Six Sigma and Lean management that saved lots of efforts and in turns monetary benefits to customer.  We also developed solutions to various issues which reduced incidents count that also reduce turnaround time for resolution of the issue that engineer faced. For which we have received Blue Ribbon Award.    Team Lead  British Telecomm UK -  UK -  June 2006 to July 2010  EWMP-Tacticals contains Robotic systems formerly with the FastTrack solutions Team within BT. Robotic systems were developed with the purpose of reducing the manual/ repetitive work done by the Field engineers. This work is automated by Robots and User interface interacting with various systems like CSS, Work Manager and other components. It is bunch of 16 applications  • Off Shore Project Manager for various integration projects for the client. • Requirement Understanding for future development and enhancement by interacting with Client, E2E Solution Designers and other stake holders. • Prepared application performance improvement plan such CSIP (Continuous Service Improvement Plan), GetWell Plan. • Providing estimation of effort and timescale for all the project deliveries • Managing components deliveries impacted by various Releases • Perform project planning, scheduling, monitoring, and reporting activities. • Interface with the client team to update them on the issues, risks and status of the offshore delivery. • Part of Application/Detail Design team to design high level and low level of the integration work. • Ensure system is delivered within planned cost, timescale and resource budgets. • Perform Release Management • Effort Estimation, Cost estimation, Allocate work to the team, track and raise the queries and resolve issues related to deliveries. • Design, Development, Testing for various projects. • Change Requests/Maintenance Release • Resolving technical issues relating to application from offshore • Training &amp; Mentoring new resources for the Projects. • Oracle Database Migration, Application Migration to VDC environment. • Completed VDC Migration (DaaS, CaaS, MaaS) for various application before EOSL (End of life cycle of the application)  For one of the legacy application (FastQ) , we have provided L3 support, application basically developed Oracle HTTPS based and Tomcat as Service to handle it. During change in business level we have done development and changes for this application for which Customer gives me Start Team player award as this was legacy application and before this change there was no change done for more than 6 years.  System Analyst  GE Countrywide, Lending and Repay Management -  May 2005 to April 2006  Leasing functionality as per the standard defined by financial institution. It includes all the functionality from Creation of Group, Company, and Creation of Trenches, Disbursing Loan Agreement No. Capitalizing LAN. In Repayment Management System will take care of Installment receipt, Write-off cases, Charges for delinquent cases, Foreclosure of LAN etc    This application was developed from Scratch so involved in every part of application life cycle from requirement gathering till UAT support before go-live  • Database design, GUI design. • Development of database objects like procedure packages, and development of GUI. • Design and developed customized report as per client requirement. • Component testing. • End to end test support. • UAT support and post deployment support.  EDUCATION  Bachelor of Engineering in ELECTRONICS AND TELECOMMUNICATION  Amravati University -  Amravati, Maharashtra  1997 to 1999  Diploma in INDUSTRIAL ELECTRONICS  Technical Board of Education Bombay -  Mumbai, Maharashtra  1993 to 1996  SKILLS  MENTORING (10+ years), SCHEDULING (9 years), ORACLE (9 years), SOLUTIONS (9 years), BENEFITS (4 years)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  I.T KNOWLEDGE &amp; SKILLS Programming Languages: VB script, C, C++, Visual Basic, COM/DCOM Databases: Oracle, SQL, Development Tools: Toad, PL/SQL Developer, Crystal Report, Putty,Clarify, GSD, RTC, JIRA, Confluence, VSS, PVCS, Web Servers: IIS, Oracle HTTP Server on Windows, Weblogic 10.3, WebSphere, Apache Tomcat, MTS Batch Scheduling: Control-M, Cron0Jobs, Windows Schedulers Operating Systems: Windows […] Pro &amp; Server/XP Home &amp; Professional/2003 Server/ Vista/7 Pro &amp; Enterprise/8/10, MS-DOS, UNIX, Linux Windows Packages: Microsoft Office: (Word, Excel, Access, Outlook and PowerPoint), Oracle DBMS, Internet Explorer, Netscape, Lotus Notes, Adobe Flash, Photoshop, and CITRIX Metaframe 1.8/XP Transferable Skills: Excellent business skills, project management, presentation, interpersonal, communication and report writing skills, Team Mentoring  OTHER SKILLS • Sound customer-facing skills: drive demos, status calls, issues &amp; escalation handling and provide solutions which benefits the business and customer    • Dynamic Team leader, strong resource management, team building skills and conflict management. Strong in result oriented service delivery to the customer • Excellent cross-vendor communication skills • Strong Analytical &amp; problem solving ability and proactively drive opportunities to resolution without supervision
[2907, 2938] Rahul Tayade Global Production Support Lead, - Infosys Ltd (Technology Lead) - HSBC  Pune, Maharashtra - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Rahul-Tayade/ce40c3731cb69763  • Total 12+ years of IT experience in the analysis, design, development, Testing support, implementation, CAT support and management of full life cycle applications, project coordination, managing development and support projects. • More than 7 years of experience on Project Leading support and maintenance project including enhancements of the application. • Over 4 years of Project Management experience on support/maintenance projects. • Managed multiple applications with team more than 16 members. • Involved in PM activities like dealing with customer, identifying new business, get new business, accordingly raising quotes, and get PO approved from customer, track the work and bill customer based on Resource Utilization, Workforce management, manage project costing by providing cost-effective solutions etc. • Involve in SIX Sigma and Lean initiative to remove the unwanted NVA (non-value add) improve on costing and performance side • Was deputed to client side UK-IPSWICH to deal with client and handle issues, achieve the client confidence by creating road map for improvement and improving performance and during that time customer satisfaction rating was increased to 4.9 from 4.4 out of 5. • Handled responsibilities as the single point of contact for various projects, transitioning and offshore coordinator. • As a ASG Project lead involved in ASG activities like resource management, work allocation, shift management, handling escalations, SLA performance and dashboard reporting, ITES Metric reports, Highlight reports, coordinating and performing deployments, QMG audits, PMR activities etc. • Practiced ITIL V3 processes during my tenure on application support projects which includes Service Transition, Service Operations (Incident management, Change Management, Problem Management) and Continual Service Improvements • Handled effort estimation using Function Point (IFPUG Guidelines), cost estimation and planning various projects. • Prepared performance improvement plan on activities related to application performance. • Managed and Delivered VDC Migrations, Database Migration projects. • Capacity planning, work load and work force planning. • Interact with the business analysts &amp; application leads to come up with technical designs based on the functional designs. • Worked extensively on Oracle PL/SQL, UNIX, Scripting and have good interpersonal skills. • Involved in Service transition and successfully completed all quality gates • Documented and Managed DR activities successfully • Involved in BCP planning and execution. • Team mentoring and help team when needed • Involved in escalations and resolve the issue smoothly by involving business stakeholders and team effectively.  WORK EXPERIENCE  Global Production Support Lead, - Infosys Ltd (Technology Lead)  https://www.indeed.com/r/Rahul-Tayade/ce40c3731cb69763?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   HSBC -  Pune, Maharashtra -  June 2016 to Present  Currently working in Global Standards IT under the CDD (Customer Due Diligence) program which is responsible for tackling financial crime by implementing new tools to better understand their customers.  I lead a global 24*7 production support team for a number of Tier 1 KYC (Know Your Client) FCR (Financial Crime Risk) applications and provide hands on application support to a user base across 35 countries in 42 markets, for HSBC and its subsidiaries First Direct and Marks &amp; Spencer Bank.  Tasks: • Mentoring team on Technical as well as Process front • Implementing new processes • Implementing a global 24*7 Support Model • Supporting the rollout of new customer onboarding tool across 35 countries • Supporting weekly release cycles  Responsibilities: • Offshore Leadership/People Management • Service Delivery Management • Stakeholder Management • Relationship Management • Service Recovery Management • Production Support • Incident Management • Problem Management • Change Management • Release Management &amp; Support during releases • Involve in Service Improvement Process for Faster and Smooth delivery • Resolving technical issues relating to application from offshore • Training &amp; Mentoring new resources for the Projects • Documentation and manage Knowledge bank for team reference • Documentation and execution of DR activities  Technology Lead  HSBC -  Pune, Maharashtra -  October 2015 to July 2016  Involved in Transition of application • Preparation of in Knowledge Transfer plan from HSBC to Infosys, • Managing KT schedules and made sure that it working as per plan • Managing variance and made sure that portion left should get discussed as per updated plans. • Mentoring new team on technical and process front • Helping team where laps in KT plan or miscommunications • Preparation and scheduling of Reverse KT plans and smooth execution of it    • Managing stake holders and business and give them confidence for moving support to new team • Made sure that this plan passed from all quality gates in order to start work from new team • Documentation of all these Knowledge and Process  Project Lead  British Telecom UK -  Pune, Maharashtra -  August 2010 to July 2015  FPQ system is used for entry and reporting of quality data. It is national database for all quality checks. It is used to record field performance quality scores of resources and based on the entry of it evaluate the quality scores. It is also used for score sheet and contractor management. Base on the score sheets auditors performs the transaction audits. FPQ also provides the transactional and statistical reports. V21 is crucial interface between the OSS and the network. It is based on Metasolv's component OMS. OMS: A Centralized Order Management system that allows changing processes and adding interfaces automatically  • Off Shore Project Manager for various integration projects for the client. • Requirement Understanding for future development and enhancement by interacting with Client, E2E Solution Designers and other stake holders. • Prepared application performance improvement plan such CSIP (Continuous Service Improvement Plan), Get-well Plan. • Providing estimation of effort and timescale for all the project deliveries • Managing components deliveries impacted by various Releases • Perform project planning, scheduling, monitoring, and reporting activities. • Interface with the client team to update them on the issues, risks and status of the offshore delivery. • Part of Application/Detail Design team to design high level and low level of the integration work. • Ensure system is delivered within planned cost, timescale and resource budgets. • Perform Release Management • Effort Estimation, Cost estimation, Allocate work to the team, track and raise the queries and resolve issues related to deliveries. • Design, Development, Testing for various projects. • Change Requests/Maintenance Release • Resolving technical issues relating to application from offshore • Training &amp; Mentoring new resources for the Projects. • Oracle Database Migration, Application Migration to VDC environment. • Completed VDC Migration (DaaS, CaaS, MaaS) for various application  Along-side the responsibilities mentioned above I was involved in various initiatives by client for improvement in team efficiency like Six Sigma and Lean management that saved lots of efforts and in turns monetary benefits to customer.  We also developed solutions to various issues which reduced incidents count that also reduce turnaround time for resolution of the issue that engineer faced. For which we have received Blue Ribbon Award.    Team Lead  British Telecomm UK -  UK -  June 2006 to July 2010  EWMP-Tacticals contains Robotic systems formerly with the FastTrack solutions Team within BT. Robotic systems were developed with the purpose of reducing the manual/ repetitive work done by the Field engineers. This work is automated by Robots and User interface interacting with various systems like CSS, Work Manager and other components. It is bunch of 16 applications  • Off Shore Project Manager for various integration projects for the client. • Requirement Understanding for future development and enhancement by interacting with Client, E2E Solution Designers and other stake holders. • Prepared application performance improvement plan such CSIP (Continuous Service Improvement Plan), GetWell Plan. • Providing estimation of effort and timescale for all the project deliveries • Managing components deliveries impacted by various Releases • Perform project planning, scheduling, monitoring, and reporting activities. • Interface with the client team to update them on the issues, risks and status of the offshore delivery. • Part of Application/Detail Design team to design high level and low level of the integration work. • Ensure system is delivered within planned cost, timescale and resource budgets. • Perform Release Management • Effort Estimation, Cost estimation, Allocate work to the team, track and raise the queries and resolve issues related to deliveries. • Design, Development, Testing for various projects. • Change Requests/Maintenance Release • Resolving technical issues relating to application from offshore • Training &amp; Mentoring new resources for the Projects. • Oracle Database Migration, Application Migration to VDC environment. • Completed VDC Migration (DaaS, CaaS, MaaS) for various application before EOSL (End of life cycle of the application)  For one of the legacy application (FastQ) , we have provided L3 support, application basically developed Oracle HTTPS based and Tomcat as Service to handle it. During change in business level we have done development and changes for this application for which Customer gives me Start Team player award as this was legacy application and before this change there was no change done for more than 6 years.  System Analyst  GE Countrywide, Lending and Repay Management -  May 2005 to April 2006  Leasing functionality as per the standard defined by financial institution. It includes all the functionality from Creation of Group, Company, and Creation of Trenches, Disbursing Loan Agreement No. Capitalizing LAN. In Repayment Management System will take care of Installment receipt, Write-off cases, Charges for delinquent cases, Foreclosure of LAN etc    This application was developed from Scratch so involved in every part of application life cycle from requirement gathering till UAT support before go-live  • Database design, GUI design. • Development of database objects like procedure packages, and development of GUI. • Design and developed customized report as per client requirement. • Component testing. • End to end test support. • UAT support and post deployment support.  EDUCATION  Bachelor of Engineering in ELECTRONICS AND TELECOMMUNICATION  Amravati University -  Amravati, Maharashtra  1997 to 1999  Diploma in INDUSTRIAL ELECTRONICS  Technical Board of Education Bombay -  Mumbai, Maharashtra  1993 to 1996  SKILLS  MENTORING (10+ years), SCHEDULING (9 years), ORACLE (9 years), SOLUTIONS (9 years), BENEFITS (4 years)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  I.T KNOWLEDGE &amp; SKILLS Programming Languages: VB script, C, C++, Visual Basic, COM/DCOM Databases: Oracle, SQL, Development Tools: Toad, PL/SQL Developer, Crystal Report, Putty,Clarify, GSD, RTC, JIRA, Confluence, VSS, PVCS, Web Servers: IIS, Oracle HTTP Server on Windows, Weblogic 10.3, WebSphere, Apache Tomcat, MTS Batch Scheduling: Control-M, Cron0Jobs, Windows Schedulers Operating Systems: Windows […] Pro &amp; Server/XP Home &amp; Professional/2003 Server/ Vista/7 Pro &amp; Enterprise/8/10, MS-DOS, UNIX, Linux Windows Packages: Microsoft Office: (Word, Excel, Access, Outlook and PowerPoint), Oracle DBMS, Internet Explorer, Netscape, Lotus Notes, Adobe Flash, Photoshop, and CITRIX Metaframe 1.8/XP Transferable Skills: Excellent business skills, project management, presentation, interpersonal, communication and report writing skills, Team Mentoring  OTHER SKILLS • Sound customer-facing skills: drive demos, status calls, issues &amp; escalation handling and provide solutions which benefits the business and customer    • Dynamic Team leader, strong resource management, team building skills and conflict management. Strong in result oriented service delivery to the customer • Excellent cross-vendor communication skills • Strong Analytical &amp; problem solving ability and proactively drive opportunities to resolution without supervision
[2088, 2130] Arpit Jain Quality Analyst - ThoughtWorks Technologies  Pune - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Arpit-Jain/3714fe32f98b03a9  • Quality Analyst with a total experience of 4 years in delivering quality software • Expertise in Agile Development Practices. • Experience with Continuous Integration &amp; Delivery • Worked with Product Owners &amp; Business Analysts to incorporate the quality from initial phases  • Awarded for going extra miles and making project deliveries possible on defined timelines • Active participation in recruitment activities • Organizer for the events for Quality Enthusiasts - vodQA, Pune  Skills Manual Testing  JavaScript  Selenium WebDriver  JASMINE  GitHub  Protractor  Java  MYSQL  API Testing  Willing to relocate to: Pune, Maharashtra - NCR, Delhi  WORK EXPERIENCE  Quality Analyst  ThoughtWorks Technologies -  April 2016 to Present  Alternative Assets Management Responsibilities: • Test Strategy Planning and Designing • Active Involvement in the Product Release Planning • Leading a team of 4 QA's • UI testing on Mobile Browsers and Desktop Browsers  https://www.indeed.com/r/Arpit-Jain/3714fe32f98b03a9?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   • Functional Automation Testing using Protractor and Selenium WebDriver • Iteration Management and working closely with Product Owners • API Testing using Frisby and Postman • Performance Testing using JMeter • Security Testing using ZAP  Test Engineer (Infosys Ltd  ThoughtWorks Technologies -  June 2014 to March 2016  Pharmaceuticals Responsibilities: • White-Box Testing of Optimization Algorithms • Test Data Management • Test Data Generation using Pandas and JavaScript libraries • Functional Automation Testing using Protractor • Web performance metrics collector using Phantomas Jun 2014 - Mar 2016 Test Engineer (Infosys Ltd.) Project Domain: Banking Responsibilities: • Test Scenario and Test Case Preparation • Planning QA Activities and performing Regression Testing and UI Testing • Automating manual tasks by writing python scripts  Quality Analyst  ThoughtWorks Technologies  EDUCATION  B.Tech  Jaypee Institute Of Information Technology -  Noida, Uttar Pradesh  2010 to 2014  CBSE  Green Valley Public School -  Bhilwara, Rajasthan  2010  CBSE  New Look Central School -  Bhilwara, Rajasthan  2008  SKILLS  Manual Testing, Protractor, Selenium Webdriver, Automation Testing, API Testing    LINKS  https://github.com/jainarpit  https://www.linkedin.com/in/arpitj2402  https://github.com/jainarpit https://www.linkedin.com/in/arpitj2402
[2080, 2086] Arpit Jain Quality Analyst - ThoughtWorks Technologies  Pune - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Arpit-Jain/3714fe32f98b03a9  • Quality Analyst with a total experience of 4 years in delivering quality software • Expertise in Agile Development Practices. • Experience with Continuous Integration &amp; Delivery • Worked with Product Owners &amp; Business Analysts to incorporate the quality from initial phases  • Awarded for going extra miles and making project deliveries possible on defined timelines • Active participation in recruitment activities • Organizer for the events for Quality Enthusiasts - vodQA, Pune  Skills Manual Testing  JavaScript  Selenium WebDriver  JASMINE  GitHub  Protractor  Java  MYSQL  API Testing  Willing to relocate to: Pune, Maharashtra - NCR, Delhi  WORK EXPERIENCE  Quality Analyst  ThoughtWorks Technologies -  April 2016 to Present  Alternative Assets Management Responsibilities: • Test Strategy Planning and Designing • Active Involvement in the Product Release Planning • Leading a team of 4 QA's • UI testing on Mobile Browsers and Desktop Browsers  https://www.indeed.com/r/Arpit-Jain/3714fe32f98b03a9?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   • Functional Automation Testing using Protractor and Selenium WebDriver • Iteration Management and working closely with Product Owners • API Testing using Frisby and Postman • Performance Testing using JMeter • Security Testing using ZAP  Test Engineer (Infosys Ltd  ThoughtWorks Technologies -  June 2014 to March 2016  Pharmaceuticals Responsibilities: • White-Box Testing of Optimization Algorithms • Test Data Management • Test Data Generation using Pandas and JavaScript libraries • Functional Automation Testing using Protractor • Web performance metrics collector using Phantomas Jun 2014 - Mar 2016 Test Engineer (Infosys Ltd.) Project Domain: Banking Responsibilities: • Test Scenario and Test Case Preparation • Planning QA Activities and performing Regression Testing and UI Testing • Automating manual tasks by writing python scripts  Quality Analyst  ThoughtWorks Technologies  EDUCATION  B.Tech  Jaypee Institute Of Information Technology -  Noida, Uttar Pradesh  2010 to 2014  CBSE  Green Valley Public School -  Bhilwara, Rajasthan  2010  CBSE  New Look Central School -  Bhilwara, Rajasthan  2008  SKILLS  Manual Testing, Protractor, Selenium Webdriver, Automation Testing, API Testing    LINKS  https://github.com/jainarpit  https://www.linkedin.com/in/arpitj2402  https://github.com/jainarpit https://www.linkedin.com/in/arpitj2402
[2042, 2067] Arpit Jain Quality Analyst - ThoughtWorks Technologies  Pune - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Arpit-Jain/3714fe32f98b03a9  • Quality Analyst with a total experience of 4 years in delivering quality software • Expertise in Agile Development Practices. • Experience with Continuous Integration &amp; Delivery • Worked with Product Owners &amp; Business Analysts to incorporate the quality from initial phases  • Awarded for going extra miles and making project deliveries possible on defined timelines • Active participation in recruitment activities • Organizer for the events for Quality Enthusiasts - vodQA, Pune  Skills Manual Testing  JavaScript  Selenium WebDriver  JASMINE  GitHub  Protractor  Java  MYSQL  API Testing  Willing to relocate to: Pune, Maharashtra - NCR, Delhi  WORK EXPERIENCE  Quality Analyst  ThoughtWorks Technologies -  April 2016 to Present  Alternative Assets Management Responsibilities: • Test Strategy Planning and Designing • Active Involvement in the Product Release Planning • Leading a team of 4 QA's • UI testing on Mobile Browsers and Desktop Browsers  https://www.indeed.com/r/Arpit-Jain/3714fe32f98b03a9?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   • Functional Automation Testing using Protractor and Selenium WebDriver • Iteration Management and working closely with Product Owners • API Testing using Frisby and Postman • Performance Testing using JMeter • Security Testing using ZAP  Test Engineer (Infosys Ltd  ThoughtWorks Technologies -  June 2014 to March 2016  Pharmaceuticals Responsibilities: • White-Box Testing of Optimization Algorithms • Test Data Management • Test Data Generation using Pandas and JavaScript libraries • Functional Automation Testing using Protractor • Web performance metrics collector using Phantomas Jun 2014 - Mar 2016 Test Engineer (Infosys Ltd.) Project Domain: Banking Responsibilities: • Test Scenario and Test Case Preparation • Planning QA Activities and performing Regression Testing and UI Testing • Automating manual tasks by writing python scripts  Quality Analyst  ThoughtWorks Technologies  EDUCATION  B.Tech  Jaypee Institute Of Information Technology -  Noida, Uttar Pradesh  2010 to 2014  CBSE  Green Valley Public School -  Bhilwara, Rajasthan  2010  CBSE  New Look Central School -  Bhilwara, Rajasthan  2008  SKILLS  Manual Testing, Protractor, Selenium Webdriver, Automation Testing, API Testing    LINKS  https://github.com/jainarpit  https://www.linkedin.com/in/arpitj2402  https://github.com/jainarpit https://www.linkedin.com/in/arpitj2402
[2025, 2040] Arpit Jain Quality Analyst - ThoughtWorks Technologies  Pune - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Arpit-Jain/3714fe32f98b03a9  • Quality Analyst with a total experience of 4 years in delivering quality software • Expertise in Agile Development Practices. • Experience with Continuous Integration &amp; Delivery • Worked with Product Owners &amp; Business Analysts to incorporate the quality from initial phases  • Awarded for going extra miles and making project deliveries possible on defined timelines • Active participation in recruitment activities • Organizer for the events for Quality Enthusiasts - vodQA, Pune  Skills Manual Testing  JavaScript  Selenium WebDriver  JASMINE  GitHub  Protractor  Java  MYSQL  API Testing  Willing to relocate to: Pune, Maharashtra - NCR, Delhi  WORK EXPERIENCE  Quality Analyst  ThoughtWorks Technologies -  April 2016 to Present  Alternative Assets Management Responsibilities: • Test Strategy Planning and Designing • Active Involvement in the Product Release Planning • Leading a team of 4 QA's • UI testing on Mobile Browsers and Desktop Browsers  https://www.indeed.com/r/Arpit-Jain/3714fe32f98b03a9?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   • Functional Automation Testing using Protractor and Selenium WebDriver • Iteration Management and working closely with Product Owners • API Testing using Frisby and Postman • Performance Testing using JMeter • Security Testing using ZAP  Test Engineer (Infosys Ltd  ThoughtWorks Technologies -  June 2014 to March 2016  Pharmaceuticals Responsibilities: • White-Box Testing of Optimization Algorithms • Test Data Management • Test Data Generation using Pandas and JavaScript libraries • Functional Automation Testing using Protractor • Web performance metrics collector using Phantomas Jun 2014 - Mar 2016 Test Engineer (Infosys Ltd.) Project Domain: Banking Responsibilities: • Test Scenario and Test Case Preparation • Planning QA Activities and performing Regression Testing and UI Testing • Automating manual tasks by writing python scripts  Quality Analyst  ThoughtWorks Technologies  EDUCATION  B.Tech  Jaypee Institute Of Information Technology -  Noida, Uttar Pradesh  2010 to 2014  CBSE  Green Valley Public School -  Bhilwara, Rajasthan  2010  CBSE  New Look Central School -  Bhilwara, Rajasthan  2008  SKILLS  Manual Testing, Protractor, Selenium Webdriver, Automation Testing, API Testing    LINKS  https://github.com/jainarpit  https://www.linkedin.com/in/arpitj2402  https://github.com/jainarpit https://www.linkedin.com/in/arpitj2402
[1445, 1470] Arpit Jain Quality Analyst - ThoughtWorks Technologies  Pune - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Arpit-Jain/3714fe32f98b03a9  • Quality Analyst with a total experience of 4 years in delivering quality software • Expertise in Agile Development Practices. • Experience with Continuous Integration &amp; Delivery • Worked with Product Owners &amp; Business Analysts to incorporate the quality from initial phases  • Awarded for going extra miles and making project deliveries possible on defined timelines • Active participation in recruitment activities • Organizer for the events for Quality Enthusiasts - vodQA, Pune  Skills Manual Testing  JavaScript  Selenium WebDriver  JASMINE  GitHub  Protractor  Java  MYSQL  API Testing  Willing to relocate to: Pune, Maharashtra - NCR, Delhi  WORK EXPERIENCE  Quality Analyst  ThoughtWorks Technologies -  April 2016 to Present  Alternative Assets Management Responsibilities: • Test Strategy Planning and Designing • Active Involvement in the Product Release Planning • Leading a team of 4 QA's • UI testing on Mobile Browsers and Desktop Browsers  https://www.indeed.com/r/Arpit-Jain/3714fe32f98b03a9?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   • Functional Automation Testing using Protractor and Selenium WebDriver • Iteration Management and working closely with Product Owners • API Testing using Frisby and Postman • Performance Testing using JMeter • Security Testing using ZAP  Test Engineer (Infosys Ltd  ThoughtWorks Technologies -  June 2014 to March 2016  Pharmaceuticals Responsibilities: • White-Box Testing of Optimization Algorithms • Test Data Management • Test Data Generation using Pandas and JavaScript libraries • Functional Automation Testing using Protractor • Web performance metrics collector using Phantomas Jun 2014 - Mar 2016 Test Engineer (Infosys Ltd.) Project Domain: Banking Responsibilities: • Test Scenario and Test Case Preparation • Planning QA Activities and performing Regression Testing and UI Testing • Automating manual tasks by writing python scripts  Quality Analyst  ThoughtWorks Technologies  EDUCATION  B.Tech  Jaypee Institute Of Information Technology -  Noida, Uttar Pradesh  2010 to 2014  CBSE  Green Valley Public School -  Bhilwara, Rajasthan  2010  CBSE  New Look Central School -  Bhilwara, Rajasthan  2008  SKILLS  Manual Testing, Protractor, Selenium Webdriver, Automation Testing, API Testing    LINKS  https://github.com/jainarpit  https://www.linkedin.com/in/arpitj2402  https://github.com/jainarpit https://www.linkedin.com/in/arpitj2402
[1094, 1134] Arpit Jain Quality Analyst - ThoughtWorks Technologies  Pune - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Arpit-Jain/3714fe32f98b03a9  • Quality Analyst with a total experience of 4 years in delivering quality software • Expertise in Agile Development Practices. • Experience with Continuous Integration &amp; Delivery • Worked with Product Owners &amp; Business Analysts to incorporate the quality from initial phases  • Awarded for going extra miles and making project deliveries possible on defined timelines • Active participation in recruitment activities • Organizer for the events for Quality Enthusiasts - vodQA, Pune  Skills Manual Testing  JavaScript  Selenium WebDriver  JASMINE  GitHub  Protractor  Java  MYSQL  API Testing  Willing to relocate to: Pune, Maharashtra - NCR, Delhi  WORK EXPERIENCE  Quality Analyst  ThoughtWorks Technologies -  April 2016 to Present  Alternative Assets Management Responsibilities: • Test Strategy Planning and Designing • Active Involvement in the Product Release Planning • Leading a team of 4 QA's • UI testing on Mobile Browsers and Desktop Browsers  https://www.indeed.com/r/Arpit-Jain/3714fe32f98b03a9?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   • Functional Automation Testing using Protractor and Selenium WebDriver • Iteration Management and working closely with Product Owners • API Testing using Frisby and Postman • Performance Testing using JMeter • Security Testing using ZAP  Test Engineer (Infosys Ltd  ThoughtWorks Technologies -  June 2014 to March 2016  Pharmaceuticals Responsibilities: • White-Box Testing of Optimization Algorithms • Test Data Management • Test Data Generation using Pandas and JavaScript libraries • Functional Automation Testing using Protractor • Web performance metrics collector using Phantomas Jun 2014 - Mar 2016 Test Engineer (Infosys Ltd.) Project Domain: Banking Responsibilities: • Test Scenario and Test Case Preparation • Planning QA Activities and performing Regression Testing and UI Testing • Automating manual tasks by writing python scripts  Quality Analyst  ThoughtWorks Technologies  EDUCATION  B.Tech  Jaypee Institute Of Information Technology -  Noida, Uttar Pradesh  2010 to 2014  CBSE  Green Valley Public School -  Bhilwara, Rajasthan  2010  CBSE  New Look Central School -  Bhilwara, Rajasthan  2008  SKILLS  Manual Testing, Protractor, Selenium Webdriver, Automation Testing, API Testing    LINKS  https://github.com/jainarpit  https://www.linkedin.com/in/arpitj2402  https://github.com/jainarpit https://www.linkedin.com/in/arpitj2402
[809, 834] Arpit Jain Quality Analyst - ThoughtWorks Technologies  Pune - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Arpit-Jain/3714fe32f98b03a9  • Quality Analyst with a total experience of 4 years in delivering quality software • Expertise in Agile Development Practices. • Experience with Continuous Integration &amp; Delivery • Worked with Product Owners &amp; Business Analysts to incorporate the quality from initial phases  • Awarded for going extra miles and making project deliveries possible on defined timelines • Active participation in recruitment activities • Organizer for the events for Quality Enthusiasts - vodQA, Pune  Skills Manual Testing  JavaScript  Selenium WebDriver  JASMINE  GitHub  Protractor  Java  MYSQL  API Testing  Willing to relocate to: Pune, Maharashtra - NCR, Delhi  WORK EXPERIENCE  Quality Analyst  ThoughtWorks Technologies -  April 2016 to Present  Alternative Assets Management Responsibilities: • Test Strategy Planning and Designing • Active Involvement in the Product Release Planning • Leading a team of 4 QA's • UI testing on Mobile Browsers and Desktop Browsers  https://www.indeed.com/r/Arpit-Jain/3714fe32f98b03a9?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   • Functional Automation Testing using Protractor and Selenium WebDriver • Iteration Management and working closely with Product Owners • API Testing using Frisby and Postman • Performance Testing using JMeter • Security Testing using ZAP  Test Engineer (Infosys Ltd  ThoughtWorks Technologies -  June 2014 to March 2016  Pharmaceuticals Responsibilities: • White-Box Testing of Optimization Algorithms • Test Data Management • Test Data Generation using Pandas and JavaScript libraries • Functional Automation Testing using Protractor • Web performance metrics collector using Phantomas Jun 2014 - Mar 2016 Test Engineer (Infosys Ltd.) Project Domain: Banking Responsibilities: • Test Scenario and Test Case Preparation • Planning QA Activities and performing Regression Testing and UI Testing • Automating manual tasks by writing python scripts  Quality Analyst  ThoughtWorks Technologies  EDUCATION  B.Tech  Jaypee Institute Of Information Technology -  Noida, Uttar Pradesh  2010 to 2014  CBSE  Green Valley Public School -  Bhilwara, Rajasthan  2010  CBSE  New Look Central School -  Bhilwara, Rajasthan  2008  SKILLS  Manual Testing, Protractor, Selenium Webdriver, Automation Testing, API Testing    LINKS  https://github.com/jainarpit  https://www.linkedin.com/in/arpitj2402  https://github.com/jainarpit https://www.linkedin.com/in/arpitj2402
[792, 807] Arpit Jain Quality Analyst - ThoughtWorks Technologies  Pune - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Arpit-Jain/3714fe32f98b03a9  • Quality Analyst with a total experience of 4 years in delivering quality software • Expertise in Agile Development Practices. • Experience with Continuous Integration &amp; Delivery • Worked with Product Owners &amp; Business Analysts to incorporate the quality from initial phases  • Awarded for going extra miles and making project deliveries possible on defined timelines • Active participation in recruitment activities • Organizer for the events for Quality Enthusiasts - vodQA, Pune  Skills Manual Testing  JavaScript  Selenium WebDriver  JASMINE  GitHub  Protractor  Java  MYSQL  API Testing  Willing to relocate to: Pune, Maharashtra - NCR, Delhi  WORK EXPERIENCE  Quality Analyst  ThoughtWorks Technologies -  April 2016 to Present  Alternative Assets Management Responsibilities: • Test Strategy Planning and Designing • Active Involvement in the Product Release Planning • Leading a team of 4 QA's • UI testing on Mobile Browsers and Desktop Browsers  https://www.indeed.com/r/Arpit-Jain/3714fe32f98b03a9?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   • Functional Automation Testing using Protractor and Selenium WebDriver • Iteration Management and working closely with Product Owners • API Testing using Frisby and Postman • Performance Testing using JMeter • Security Testing using ZAP  Test Engineer (Infosys Ltd  ThoughtWorks Technologies -  June 2014 to March 2016  Pharmaceuticals Responsibilities: • White-Box Testing of Optimization Algorithms • Test Data Management • Test Data Generation using Pandas and JavaScript libraries • Functional Automation Testing using Protractor • Web performance metrics collector using Phantomas Jun 2014 - Mar 2016 Test Engineer (Infosys Ltd.) Project Domain: Banking Responsibilities: • Test Scenario and Test Case Preparation • Planning QA Activities and performing Regression Testing and UI Testing • Automating manual tasks by writing python scripts  Quality Analyst  ThoughtWorks Technologies  EDUCATION  B.Tech  Jaypee Institute Of Information Technology -  Noida, Uttar Pradesh  2010 to 2014  CBSE  Green Valley Public School -  Bhilwara, Rajasthan  2010  CBSE  New Look Central School -  Bhilwara, Rajasthan  2008  SKILLS  Manual Testing, Protractor, Selenium Webdriver, Automation Testing, API Testing    LINKS  https://github.com/jainarpit  https://www.linkedin.com/in/arpitj2402  https://github.com/jainarpit https://www.linkedin.com/in/arpitj2402
[8134, 8136] Vishwanath P Senior Executive (MIS & Audit) - Job Profile in LabourNet Services India Pvt Ltd  Bengaluru, Karnataka - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Vishwanath-P/06a16ac2d087d3c9  I look forward to a career that provides me an opportunity to improve my knowledge and personality in a challenging work atmosphere. In the long run, I would like to grow leadership position in the organization and make a meaningful contribution to the organization.  Overview: ➢ Total experience of 7.3years. ➢ Have maintained superior's and peer's confidence in efficiency and accuracy of my work.  WORK EXPERIENCE  Senior Executive (MIS & Audit)  Job Profile in LabourNet Services India Pvt Ltd -  June 2016 to Present  from June 2016.  Operating System: Windows 7 Tools Used: MS Office (Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Outlook) ➢ Provide weekly targets to Placement officers and follow-up on the targets v/s achieved and more importantly all the placement related activities are documented. ➢ Working on projection against target achieved for each individual Pan India Placement officers to get there incentives. ➢ Taking care of placement internal Audit. ➢ Supporting Pan India on CLCS (Candidate Life Cycle System) demo to PO, initial hand holding of PO on using data, documentation and template creation. ➢ Timely Sharing Regular Dashboard/Reports to Placement Officers whenever required. ➢ Hand holding "single point of contact" owning the placement data, centrally and can share the same to account management, MIS team, Sales team, Management and whoever needs the data in the organization including NSDC. ➢ The Data Management, colleague should have the right information and present during any client audits in HQ office ➢ Taking care of CLCS Tool and will be the one point of contact for placement related queries or issues in Tool. ➢ First point of contact for any issues or queries in CLCS placement tool in the organization. ➢ Giving request to IT Software team of placement tool changes to run the business in smooth. ➢ Taking care of RMS (Reimbursement Management System) ➢ Cross checking original bills and soft copies before approving claims in RMS for all placement officer of Pan India (Size - 23) ➢ Supporting other 3 projects Barclays, HRS (Human Resources Services) &amp; NAPS (National Apprenticeship Promotion Scheme) • Manager role: I have a team member directly reporting to me.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Vishwanath-P/06a16ac2d087d3c9?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   MIS Executive  ANI Technologies -  October 2015 to April 2016  Operating System: Windows 8.1, 10 Tools Used: MS Excel, Google Sheets, MS word, MS outlook, SQL Database. ➢ Handling Pan India Ola Cafe Operational MIS. ➢ Provide support to the manager in all aspect of operations. ➢ Flashing daily business MIS to Region managers and Product manager. ➢ Taking care of DB (Delivery Boy) attendance of pan India. ➢ Handling Billing and invoices of DB's and coordinating with finance team for monthly salaries. ➢ Shared and handled weekly menu data sheets with IT Software team to update in App. ➢ Taken care of complete Ola Café process operational MIS's. ➢ Coordinating with IT team to flash daily business summary. ➢ Keep updating daily revenue of Cites &amp;o Zone. ➢ Taken care of marketing MIS. ➢ Processing of vendor bills, and also coordinating for reimbursement. Worked on Pilot process (Ola Prime) to set all the MIS reports to complete process. ➢ Handled performance tracker of the prime drivers. ➢ Handled feedback dumps of Ola prime customers. ➢ Shared daily and weekly Prime data for the cities managers. ➢ Taken care of daily offense tracker of calling done by customer feedback callers. ➢ Mapped the Wi-Fi usage of each cab in pan India. ➢ Maintained the agent, cities and over all calling dashboard and flashing on daily basis.  Support Officer  Standard Chartered Financial Ltd -  March 2013 to July 2015  from Mar 2013 to Jul 2015  Operating System: Windows 7 Tools Used: SQL Database, Visual Basic, MS Excel (Macros), MS word, MS outlook.  Roles &amp; Responsibilities: ➢ Provide support to the manager and team in administering and maintaining records. ➢ Handled all employee related matters including joining, exit and other issues of the team and maintaining relevant Employee documents. ➢ Managed all aspects pertaining to compliance and liaising with Area HR and the governance Processing of vendor bills, and also coordinating for official reimbursement of team, assisting them where applicable in following and monitoring Bank processes and procedures. ➢ Availability and easy access of all relevant employee records and documentation. ➢ Processed the daily Internal processing files of different products for approval. ➢ Maintaining the MIS for ENR and sending daily reports to South Manager. ➢ Sending and maintaining monthly review letter to agencies (MRL) on monthly basis. ➢ Maintaining monthly ESAU Communication reports of employees. ➢ Maintaining daily, weekly and monthly MIS and updating to Center Manager.    ➢ Doing internal audit check once in month. ➢ Maintaining RMS management and Attendance.  Manager  7 Inc -  April 2012 to March 2013  Worked in [24]7 Inc as HR Executive from April 2012 to Mar 2013.  Operating System: Windows XP Tools Used: SQL Database, MS Excel, MS Word, MS outlook.  Roles &amp; Responsibilities: ➢ Handling of recruitment database. ➢ Sourcing the profiles from the job portals. ➢ Maintained recruitment team attendance, IT requests, stationary and bills. ➢ Sending Daily offer MIS to Manager. ➢ Short listing the resumes as per the requirements based on Skills, Projects and Educational background and Relocation aspects. ➢ Flashing Daily Work Flow MIS of recruiter on daily basis to Manager. ➢ Maintained data of both joined and dropouts. ➢ Verifying hard copies and scanned copies of candidate documents before releasing offer letter. ➢ Taken care of online tool update of candidate details, candidate test scores and program. ➢ Taken care of joining employee formalities. ➢ Taken care of offers to release on time on induction day. ➢ Releasing the offer letters and uploading the candidate documents in portal in stipulated time and handing over the offered candidate files to operations for further process.  Job Profile in Accenture -  March 2011 to March 2012  Project Name: EDF Energy and Npower Operating System: Windows 7 Tools Used: CRM, ISU, CIS, MS Excel, Citrix, MS outlook, MS Word.  Roles &amp; Responsibilities: ➢ Fulfillment of requests within agreed timelines. ➢ Maintained &amp; sharing daily status updates of workflow of entire team to supervisor. ➢ Assigning work to the team based on team member's skill set and ensuring that the workload is handled effectively and efficiently. ➢ Arranging team meetings to share "knowledge" &amp; process related updates within the team. ➢ Taken care of complete process MIS reports. ➢ Handling the Internal Quality Checks of the work completed by associates. ➢ Updating the QC checklist and SAP reporting on a daily basis. ➢ Helping the team members in resolving their quires. ➢ Sending and maintained N1 Notification daily wise MIS of notifications closed and pending.    INFOSYS as Process Associate  Job Profile with Infosys -  December 2009 to September 2010  Project Name: DB Fresher's and Laterals Operating System: SQL Database, MS Excel, MS Word, MS outlook.  Roles &amp; Responsibilities: ➢ Creation of candidate profile. ➢ Handled of recruitment database. ➢ Updating the candidate details in the databases. ➢ Maintaining current status of candidate in the database for our future comparing purpose. ➢ Releasing offer letter in portal of candidate those who got selected in campus recruitment. ➢ Maintained and handled offered candidate documents. ➢ Conducting and co-ordinate the recruitment activity (In-house) ➢ Maintained and updating candidates profile in Infy HR portal. ➢ Collecting scanned copies of academic details from the candidate to verify.  Rewords and Recognition: • Given with Ramp Award in Infosys for more Productivity and Performance and Meeting Targets for every month with in the stipulated time and with Good Quality.  EDUCATION  BSc  V V Pura College of Science -  Bengaluru, Karnataka
[2392, 2434] Vishwanath P Senior Executive (MIS & Audit) - Job Profile in LabourNet Services India Pvt Ltd  Bengaluru, Karnataka - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Vishwanath-P/06a16ac2d087d3c9  I look forward to a career that provides me an opportunity to improve my knowledge and personality in a challenging work atmosphere. In the long run, I would like to grow leadership position in the organization and make a meaningful contribution to the organization.  Overview: ➢ Total experience of 7.3years. ➢ Have maintained superior's and peer's confidence in efficiency and accuracy of my work.  WORK EXPERIENCE  Senior Executive (MIS & Audit)  Job Profile in LabourNet Services India Pvt Ltd -  June 2016 to Present  from June 2016.  Operating System: Windows 7 Tools Used: MS Office (Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Outlook) ➢ Provide weekly targets to Placement officers and follow-up on the targets v/s achieved and more importantly all the placement related activities are documented. ➢ Working on projection against target achieved for each individual Pan India Placement officers to get there incentives. ➢ Taking care of placement internal Audit. ➢ Supporting Pan India on CLCS (Candidate Life Cycle System) demo to PO, initial hand holding of PO on using data, documentation and template creation. ➢ Timely Sharing Regular Dashboard/Reports to Placement Officers whenever required. ➢ Hand holding "single point of contact" owning the placement data, centrally and can share the same to account management, MIS team, Sales team, Management and whoever needs the data in the organization including NSDC. ➢ The Data Management, colleague should have the right information and present during any client audits in HQ office ➢ Taking care of CLCS Tool and will be the one point of contact for placement related queries or issues in Tool. ➢ First point of contact for any issues or queries in CLCS placement tool in the organization. ➢ Giving request to IT Software team of placement tool changes to run the business in smooth. ➢ Taking care of RMS (Reimbursement Management System) ➢ Cross checking original bills and soft copies before approving claims in RMS for all placement officer of Pan India (Size - 23) ➢ Supporting other 3 projects Barclays, HRS (Human Resources Services) &amp; NAPS (National Apprenticeship Promotion Scheme) • Manager role: I have a team member directly reporting to me.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Vishwanath-P/06a16ac2d087d3c9?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   MIS Executive  ANI Technologies -  October 2015 to April 2016  Operating System: Windows 8.1, 10 Tools Used: MS Excel, Google Sheets, MS word, MS outlook, SQL Database. ➢ Handling Pan India Ola Cafe Operational MIS. ➢ Provide support to the manager in all aspect of operations. ➢ Flashing daily business MIS to Region managers and Product manager. ➢ Taking care of DB (Delivery Boy) attendance of pan India. ➢ Handling Billing and invoices of DB's and coordinating with finance team for monthly salaries. ➢ Shared and handled weekly menu data sheets with IT Software team to update in App. ➢ Taken care of complete Ola Café process operational MIS's. ➢ Coordinating with IT team to flash daily business summary. ➢ Keep updating daily revenue of Cites &amp;o Zone. ➢ Taken care of marketing MIS. ➢ Processing of vendor bills, and also coordinating for reimbursement. Worked on Pilot process (Ola Prime) to set all the MIS reports to complete process. ➢ Handled performance tracker of the prime drivers. ➢ Handled feedback dumps of Ola prime customers. ➢ Shared daily and weekly Prime data for the cities managers. ➢ Taken care of daily offense tracker of calling done by customer feedback callers. ➢ Mapped the Wi-Fi usage of each cab in pan India. ➢ Maintained the agent, cities and over all calling dashboard and flashing on daily basis.  Support Officer  Standard Chartered Financial Ltd -  March 2013 to July 2015  from Mar 2013 to Jul 2015  Operating System: Windows 7 Tools Used: SQL Database, Visual Basic, MS Excel (Macros), MS word, MS outlook.  Roles &amp; Responsibilities: ➢ Provide support to the manager and team in administering and maintaining records. ➢ Handled all employee related matters including joining, exit and other issues of the team and maintaining relevant Employee documents. ➢ Managed all aspects pertaining to compliance and liaising with Area HR and the governance Processing of vendor bills, and also coordinating for official reimbursement of team, assisting them where applicable in following and monitoring Bank processes and procedures. ➢ Availability and easy access of all relevant employee records and documentation. ➢ Processed the daily Internal processing files of different products for approval. ➢ Maintaining the MIS for ENR and sending daily reports to South Manager. ➢ Sending and maintaining monthly review letter to agencies (MRL) on monthly basis. ➢ Maintaining monthly ESAU Communication reports of employees. ➢ Maintaining daily, weekly and monthly MIS and updating to Center Manager.    ➢ Doing internal audit check once in month. ➢ Maintaining RMS management and Attendance.  Manager  7 Inc -  April 2012 to March 2013  Worked in [24]7 Inc as HR Executive from April 2012 to Mar 2013.  Operating System: Windows XP Tools Used: SQL Database, MS Excel, MS Word, MS outlook.  Roles &amp; Responsibilities: ➢ Handling of recruitment database. ➢ Sourcing the profiles from the job portals. ➢ Maintained recruitment team attendance, IT requests, stationary and bills. ➢ Sending Daily offer MIS to Manager. ➢ Short listing the resumes as per the requirements based on Skills, Projects and Educational background and Relocation aspects. ➢ Flashing Daily Work Flow MIS of recruiter on daily basis to Manager. ➢ Maintained data of both joined and dropouts. ➢ Verifying hard copies and scanned copies of candidate documents before releasing offer letter. ➢ Taken care of online tool update of candidate details, candidate test scores and program. ➢ Taken care of joining employee formalities. ➢ Taken care of offers to release on time on induction day. ➢ Releasing the offer letters and uploading the candidate documents in portal in stipulated time and handing over the offered candidate files to operations for further process.  Job Profile in Accenture -  March 2011 to March 2012  Project Name: EDF Energy and Npower Operating System: Windows 7 Tools Used: CRM, ISU, CIS, MS Excel, Citrix, MS outlook, MS Word.  Roles &amp; Responsibilities: ➢ Fulfillment of requests within agreed timelines. ➢ Maintained &amp; sharing daily status updates of workflow of entire team to supervisor. ➢ Assigning work to the team based on team member's skill set and ensuring that the workload is handled effectively and efficiently. ➢ Arranging team meetings to share "knowledge" &amp; process related updates within the team. ➢ Taken care of complete process MIS reports. ➢ Handling the Internal Quality Checks of the work completed by associates. ➢ Updating the QC checklist and SAP reporting on a daily basis. ➢ Helping the team members in resolving their quires. ➢ Sending and maintained N1 Notification daily wise MIS of notifications closed and pending.    INFOSYS as Process Associate  Job Profile with Infosys -  December 2009 to September 2010  Project Name: DB Fresher's and Laterals Operating System: SQL Database, MS Excel, MS Word, MS outlook.  Roles &amp; Responsibilities: ➢ Creation of candidate profile. ➢ Handled of recruitment database. ➢ Updating the candidate details in the databases. ➢ Maintaining current status of candidate in the database for our future comparing purpose. ➢ Releasing offer letter in portal of candidate those who got selected in campus recruitment. ➢ Maintained and handled offered candidate documents. ➢ Conducting and co-ordinate the recruitment activity (In-house) ➢ Maintained and updating candidates profile in Infy HR portal. ➢ Collecting scanned copies of academic details from the candidate to verify.  Rewords and Recognition: • Given with Ramp Award in Infosys for more Productivity and Performance and Meeting Targets for every month with in the stipulated time and with Good Quality.  EDUCATION  BSc  V V Pura College of Science -  Bengaluru, Karnataka
[1586, 1592] Pratibha P Principal Consultant at Oracle  Bengaluru, Karnataka - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Pratibha-P/b4c1202741d63c6c  Over 14 years of experience in estimation, design, development, implementation, testing and enhancement of various Oracle applications. Currently working as Principal Consultant (Oracle Applications) with the consulting group Global Service Delivery (GSD) of Oracle India Pvt Ltd, Bangalore. Possesses excellent communication, extensive functional and technical experience in implementing Oracle E-business Suite applications. Worked on various modules like AR, AP, GL, FA, OLFM, HRMS and PO. Has gained proficiency in Oracle 9i/10g, SQL, PL/SQL, Discoverer 10g, Oracle reports 6i/10g, BI Publisher reports, OEM (For data masking), Methodologies (Oracle AIM, OUM) & Migration Tool (Kintana)  Willing to relocate to: Bangalore City, Karnataka  WORK EXPERIENCE  Principal Consultant  Oracle -  July 2012 to Present  Over 14 years of experience in estimation, design, development, implementation, testing and enhancement of various Oracle applications. Currently working as Principal Consultant (Oracle Applications) with the consulting group Global Service Delivery (GSD) of Oracle India Pvt Ltd, Bangalore. Possesses excellent communication, extensive functional and technical experience in implementing Oracle E-business Suite applications. Worked on various modules like AR, AP, GL, FA, OLFM, HRMS and PO. Has gained proficiency in Oracle 9i/10g, SQL, PL/SQL, Discoverer 10g, Oracle reports 6i/10g, BI Publisher reports, OEM(For data masking),Methodologies(Oracle AIM,OUM)& Migration Tool(Kintana)  Senor Consultant  Oracle -  2011 to July 2011  Staff Consultant  Caterpillar -  December 2005 to December 2007  Duration/Size: 4 months/10  Associate Consultant  Caterpillar -  October 2004 to December 2005  https://www.indeed.com/r/Pratibha-P/b4c1202741d63c6c?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   Duration/Size: 4 months/10  Associate Consultant  Vault Consulting -  October 2003 to October 2004  Project Name: AMAT Client: Applied Materials Duration/Size: 1 months/3 Organization: Oracle Environment: Oracle Applications (11i) Responsibilities: AMAT was an implementation project. I was involved in developing complex Discoverer reports which fully meets the objectives for forecasting the history and exception details of AMAT's buyers/Suppliers with capability to review FGI (Finished Goods Inventory), LLI (Linked Level Inventory) details  Project Name: Dollar General Client: Dollar General Duration/Size: 2 months/3 Organization: Oracle Environment: Data Warehousing Responsibilities: Dollar General was an implementation project. I was involved in developing Discoverer reports.  Project Name: Emerson Client: Emerson Process Management Duration/Size: 2 months/3 Organization: Oracle Environment: Data Warehousing Responsibilities: Dollar General was an implementation project. I was involved in developing Discoverer report for each division-country, division-world area and total division (single reports) . The divisions were also compared against each other (comparison reports)  EDUCATION  B.E  Visvesvaraya Technological University  2017  Bachelor of Engineering in Engineering  Dayanand Sagar College of Engineering Bangalore (Visvesvaraya Technological University) - Sagar, Karnataka    SKILLS  Extension, PLSQL, BI Publisher Reports, Oracle Reports, AP, HRMS, GL, Conversion, Oracle Apps technical, Interface, AR, TOAD, OLFM, SQL, FA  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Software Skills:  ERP-Oracle Applications 11i, R12 Accounts Receivable, Accounts Payable, Fixed Assets, General Ledger, Oracle Lease and Finance Management, Purchasing and HRMS (Employee, Assignment, Contacts, Pay methods, Job and Location)  RDBMS Oracle […] LANGUAGES C++ TOOLS Toad, SQL Developer, Kintana, Report Builder 6i/10g, Discoverer Admin/Desktop/Plus/ Viewer and BI Publisher
[2562, 2597] Saurabh Sandhikar SAURABH SANDHIKAR  Hyderabad, Telangana - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Saurabh-Sandhikar/ e490c0d49e5aa698  Willing to relocate to: hyderbad, Telangana  WORK EXPERIENCE  Advocacy Operations Specialist  AMAZON  Advocacy operations specialist What I Do at my current job? Investigation and analysis of private social media posts related to delivery experience and presentation of data to the stakeholders. Management of service areas and logistics routing for Amazon delivery partners is UK and NA marketplace. Resolving Trouble Tickets of high severity and updating leadership and team about ongoing issues. Managing rate hikes and peak pricing for Amazon delivery partners during bad road/weather conditions My performance at work: I was responsible for improving the delivery experience of hundreds Amazon flex delivery partners by resolving their issues which they posted on private social media group (investigating the issues, driver related information and escalating to the right leadership) I was responsible for helping nearly 30 amazon delivery partners (flex) from wrongly getting terminated from work. I reported many app related issues by investigating the posts by delivery partners, resolved flaws which effected work productivity. (Because of my computer science background I was able to understand the app issues faced) I was awarded as the best performer of the team during peak end (annual event)  Microsoft Student partner  Microsoft  Microsoft Student partner  EDUCATION  B.Tech in CSE  Gandhi Institute of Science And Technology (GITAM) University  June 2012 to April 2016  https://www.indeed.com/r/Saurabh-Sandhikar/e490c0d49e5aa698?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN https://www.indeed.com/r/Saurabh-Sandhikar/e490c0d49e5aa698?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   Delta Academy for IIT-JEE  May 2010 to May 2012  St Georges Grammar School  June 2009 to April 2010  SKILLS  EXCEL (Less than 1 year), HTML (Less than 1 year), JAVASCRIPT (Less than 1 year), MS EXCEL (Less than 1 year), SQL (Less than 1 year)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  years. Microsoft student partner-Developed applications and games for windows and windows phone store and held presentations in engineering colleges informing students about latest technologies. Microsoft Certified Technology Associate: Web Development Fundamentals. Completed Microsoft Leadlab &amp; Global Sharpers Fellowship. Completed Ethical hacking courses by Computer Society of India and Ankit Fadia. Participated in State level table tennis championship for 3 years.  SKILLS SQL MS Excel HTML Javascript
[1435, 1480] Hartej Kathuria Data Analyst Intern - Oracle Retail  Bengaluru, Karnataka - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Hartej-Kathuria/04181c5962a4af19  Willing to relocate to: Delhi - Bangalore, Karnataka - Gurgaon, Haryana  WORK EXPERIENCE  Data Analyst Intern  Oracle Retail -  Bengaluru, Karnataka -  June 2017 to Present  Job Responsibilities: o As an intern part of the Global Retail Insights team at Oracle Retail, work involved creating a data oriented buisness case based using high level trends for various retailers using Excel and SQL. o Forecasting Sales with use of various statistical Modelling Methods using SQL and R o Market Basket Analysis using transactional data of retailers using SQL and R  EDUCATION  Statistics and Probability  Manipal University  May 2018  B. Tech in Electrical and Electronics in Embedded Systems  MIT, Manipal University  May 2016  SKILLS  Python (2 years), SQL. (1 year), NOSQL (1 year), R (2 years), Machine Learning (2 years)  PUBLICATIONS  Post-operative life expectancy in lung cancer patients  The objective of the project was to build an efficient predictive model based on a predefined dataset to predict whether the patient survives or dies within one year of the operation. The dataset given has 17 variables: 12 nominal, 2 ordinal and 3 numerical. The target variable has value true if the patient dies within one year of the operation else false if he survives. Tool used: R  https://www.indeed.com/r/Hartej-Kathuria/04181c5962a4af19?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   Predict the Happiness (Sentimental Analysis)  The objective of this project was to build a binary classifcation model for the data provided by TripAdvisor consisiting of a sample of hotel reviews provided by customers.The model built can be used by them to understand the hotels listed by them.Tool Used: R  Predict Network attacks  The objective of this project was to build a multi-class classification model to predict the type of attack for an internet network company in Japan which has been facing huge losses due to malicious server attacks.The train dataset has 18 numerical features and 23 categorical features.The target variable has three classes.Tool Used: Python  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  TECHNICAL SKILLSET  • Languages & Technologies: Python, R, SQL, NoSQL, Predictive Modelling, Market Basket Analysis, Sentimental Analysis, Clustering, Bash Scripting (Preliminary), Socket Programming, Java (Preliminary)  • Tools: R Studio, Jupyter, GIT, Sublime, MATLAB, Linux, KVM, Virtual Box, Open VZ, Oracle SQL Developer, MySQL, MongoDB, Excel
[975, 1020] Shraddha Achar Mathura, Uttar Pradesh - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Shraddha-Achar/ d6d4e3c0237ccc6c  WORK EXPERIENCE  2012 pass out with 3 months trining at Infosys  Individual -  Mangalore, Karnataka -  October 2009 to November 2010  Effectiveness Lab, Organizational Effectiveness Labs and Immersive Group Workshop conducted by I-Point Consulting Services Private Limited during the Academic Years 2009-10 &amp; 2010-11.  • Successfully completed ' Feel Employable' Learning And Development Intervention conducted by AIM INSIGHTS, Mangalore  7 Seminars given: • " Enzymatic Hydrolysis of Complex Carbohydrates to produce Fermentable and Digestible Sugars". 8 Seminars attended: • Seminar on 'Microbial Polysaccarides'  9 Computer Languages Known: • C programming basics • Core java • SQL/PLSQL  EDUCATION  BE  NMAM Institute of Technology  2008 to 2012  Poorna Prajna PU College Admar  2007 to 2008  Ganapathi High School Padubidri  2005 to 2006  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  10 Skill Sets • Quick learner and team player  https://www.indeed.com/r/Shraddha-Achar/d6d4e3c0237ccc6c?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN https://www.indeed.com/r/Shraddha-Achar/d6d4e3c0237ccc6c?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   • Good communication skills • Art of convincing, mind skills&amp; Public speaking
[814, 842] Shraddha Achar Mathura, Uttar Pradesh - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Shraddha-Achar/ d6d4e3c0237ccc6c  WORK EXPERIENCE  2012 pass out with 3 months trining at Infosys  Individual -  Mangalore, Karnataka -  October 2009 to November 2010  Effectiveness Lab, Organizational Effectiveness Labs and Immersive Group Workshop conducted by I-Point Consulting Services Private Limited during the Academic Years 2009-10 &amp; 2010-11.  • Successfully completed ' Feel Employable' Learning And Development Intervention conducted by AIM INSIGHTS, Mangalore  7 Seminars given: • " Enzymatic Hydrolysis of Complex Carbohydrates to produce Fermentable and Digestible Sugars". 8 Seminars attended: • Seminar on 'Microbial Polysaccarides'  9 Computer Languages Known: • C programming basics • Core java • SQL/PLSQL  EDUCATION  BE  NMAM Institute of Technology  2008 to 2012  Poorna Prajna PU College Admar  2007 to 2008  Ganapathi High School Padubidri  2005 to 2006  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  10 Skill Sets • Quick learner and team player  https://www.indeed.com/r/Shraddha-Achar/d6d4e3c0237ccc6c?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN https://www.indeed.com/r/Shraddha-Achar/d6d4e3c0237ccc6c?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   • Good communication skills • Art of convincing, mind skills&amp; Public speaking
[723, 797] Shraddha Achar Mathura, Uttar Pradesh - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Shraddha-Achar/ d6d4e3c0237ccc6c  WORK EXPERIENCE  2012 pass out with 3 months trining at Infosys  Individual -  Mangalore, Karnataka -  October 2009 to November 2010  Effectiveness Lab, Organizational Effectiveness Labs and Immersive Group Workshop conducted by I-Point Consulting Services Private Limited during the Academic Years 2009-10 &amp; 2010-11.  • Successfully completed ' Feel Employable' Learning And Development Intervention conducted by AIM INSIGHTS, Mangalore  7 Seminars given: • " Enzymatic Hydrolysis of Complex Carbohydrates to produce Fermentable and Digestible Sugars". 8 Seminars attended: • Seminar on 'Microbial Polysaccarides'  9 Computer Languages Known: • C programming basics • Core java • SQL/PLSQL  EDUCATION  BE  NMAM Institute of Technology  2008 to 2012  Poorna Prajna PU College Admar  2007 to 2008  Ganapathi High School Padubidri  2005 to 2006  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  10 Skill Sets • Quick learner and team player  https://www.indeed.com/r/Shraddha-Achar/d6d4e3c0237ccc6c?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN https://www.indeed.com/r/Shraddha-Achar/d6d4e3c0237ccc6c?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   • Good communication skills • Art of convincing, mind skills&amp; Public speaking
[2176, 2215] Ramesh HP CES ASSOCIATE CONSULTANT  Bangalore, Karnataka - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Ramesh-HP/95fc615713630c4e  • 4 years of experience in engineering Technology software sales and strategic sourcing in B2B platform. • Proven track record of generating increased revenue by involving in professional sales strategies. • Responsible for software installation, network configuration, application integration with existing system and Technical support. • Effectively work with cross functional teams to deliver right solutions to client's requirements. • Complete involvement in client meetings with respect to requirement collection, suggesting solutions and financial negotiations. • Good experience in account management, having a track record of generating repeated business. • Responsible for report generation with respect qualified leads and expected commitments in closing deals. • Worked on a multiple market sector, responsibility to manage sector wise market analysis and drive business parallely.  Willing to relocate: Anywhere  WORK EXPERIENCE  CES ASSOCIATE CONSULTANT  SAP ARIBA -  November 2016 to October 2017  • Responsible for supplier management via Ariba Discovery Which is B2B consulting platform. • Strategic sourcing of supplier corresponding to the buyer's products & service based commodities globally. • Effectively analyse and conduct commodity research on project description from the buyer's postings. • Effective handling of multiple projects and converting potential leads into revenue for Ariba. • Having track record of maintaining 100% revenue target by monthly & quarterly.  SALES ENGINEER - CONCEPT TECHNOLOGY SOLUTION  -  January 2014 to November 2016  • Effective selling of CAD, CAM & Analysis Software's. Which has got multiple market sector. • Generating qualified leads by sourcing market, sector wise & implementing sales action plans. • Giving presentation about the company, products & service offers. • Identifying the client requirements, Plan for proposing a solution by integrating with internal technical team. • Provide value addition to the prospect by involving my superiors with client management team.  https://www.indeed.com/r/Ramesh-HP/95fc615713630c4e?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   • Responsible to make negotiations and up closing the deals. • Provide technical support after sales and maintain healthy relationship with the prospect. • Responsible to achieve targets monthly, quarterly & annually.  EDUCATION  MCA in COMPUTER APPLICATION  Dayananda Sagar College of Engineering -  Bengaluru, Karnataka  BACHELOR OF SCIENCE in Electronics  Govt Science College -  Hassan, Karnataka  SKILLS  Lead genearation, Customer Handling, cold calling, Negotiation, upselling, IT sales, outbound calling, Technical Support, sales forcasting, Software sale, product demonstration, cross selling, Inside Sales, Technical sales, MS office, software integration, Network Management  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  • Excellent Communication both verbal & written MS-Office • Sales Forecasting SAP Business Objective Tool • Strategic Prospecting Ariba Network Admin Tool • Product Knowledge Ariba B2B Cloud Platform • Social Networking • Negotiation • Customer Relationship Management • Technical Support
[3144, 3495] Arpit Godha Senior Process Executive  Jaipur, Rajasthan - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Arpit-Godha/4c363189fbff3de8  -  To be associated with a progressive and growing organization and utilize my knowledge and skill to add value to self and the organization.  Willing to relocate: Anywhere  WORK EXPERIENCE  Senior Process Executive  Accenture Services Pvt. Ltd -  February 2016 to March 2018  Roles &amp; Responsibilities: - Planning and Organizing: Handling and Planning team activities, priorities and handle contingencies to meet the set goal. Customer Orientation: Builds good report with the customer by understanding and responding to their needs and acting as a trusted advisor. Customer Interaction: Handle escalation at the process level in order to ensure high level customer satisfaction. Analytical Ability: Analyze and resolve the problem by identifying the elements and relationship of a problem in a systematic way. Knowledge and Operation Management: Knowledge of operation to implement the process with guidance and manage day to day operation. Process Reengineering: Participate in the ideation process and produce documentation and train the team on reengineered process in order to meet the client and internal commitments on a continuous basis. Reporting: Prepare Volume Tracer, Audit Tracker, Utilization Tracker, Dashboard and SLA Tracker report to the supervisor. Ownership: Always complete the given task before the TAT with accuracy and used to do the QC as well of other team members. Leading KT Session: Took many sessions on call with the client and understand the process or activity. Trainer and Trainee: Give cross training to other resource for creating back up and take the training as well. Innovative: Give many automation ideas which reduce the AHT of the activity and give benefit to the client as well. Work with Different Regions: While working in Accenture I worked in so many countries like Austria, Spain, Germany and UK as well. Prepare the DTP: While RKT session with the client I understand all the activity and prepare many DTP/SOP. Leading Client Call: In Accenture I used to lead call on weekly basis regarding the SOM (State of Mind)  https://www.indeed.com/r/Arpit-Godha/4c363189fbff3de8?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   Whiteboard: Prepare whiteboard to showcase the work status of the team regularly.  Key Responsibilities in Operations: - Creating customer on ADMARC Maintain the customer master data Book the received orders from customers Create delivery for the orders Prepare the AR Aging report Prepare the remittance for the special customers Prepare Pre-notification letter for pending invoices and send to the customers Follow-ups with the customers regarding the pending invoices Prepare the dunning letters for unpaid invoices Apply payment on the customer's account as per the remittance Work on unapplied payments Apply ACH (automatic clearing house) payment Reconciliation between GL account and customer account on month end  Process Executive Infosys  -  July 2013 to February 2016  EDUCATION  B.COM  University of Rajasthan  2011  Senior secondary  2008  SKILLS  TRAINING (2 years), CASH (Less than 1 year), EXCEL (Less than 1 year), SAP (Less than 1 year), WINDOWS 7 (Less than 1 year)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  -  Good communication skills Excellent logical reasoning Innovative and creative Quick learner Good knowledge of tools like (SAP, ADMARC, PPI) Positive attitude to words the problems and solving ability    Projects Completed: -  Reduction in AHT for reports which resulted in $ savings for the client. Reduction in AHT for Pre-notification letter which resulted client &amp; customer satisfaction.  Computer Proficiency: -  Basic Word, Excel and Power Point Presentation Windows XP and Windows 7 Good knowledge of SAP  Professional Trainings Attended: -  Competencies based training: Milestone 2.0, Business communication, Walk the talk, Analytical ability Business Excellence: OTC (Order to Cash) Domain Certification: T100 Quality Based trainings: CTM
[3081, 3104] Arpit Godha Senior Process Executive  Jaipur, Rajasthan - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Arpit-Godha/4c363189fbff3de8  -  To be associated with a progressive and growing organization and utilize my knowledge and skill to add value to self and the organization.  Willing to relocate: Anywhere  WORK EXPERIENCE  Senior Process Executive  Accenture Services Pvt. Ltd -  February 2016 to March 2018  Roles &amp; Responsibilities: - Planning and Organizing: Handling and Planning team activities, priorities and handle contingencies to meet the set goal. Customer Orientation: Builds good report with the customer by understanding and responding to their needs and acting as a trusted advisor. Customer Interaction: Handle escalation at the process level in order to ensure high level customer satisfaction. Analytical Ability: Analyze and resolve the problem by identifying the elements and relationship of a problem in a systematic way. Knowledge and Operation Management: Knowledge of operation to implement the process with guidance and manage day to day operation. Process Reengineering: Participate in the ideation process and produce documentation and train the team on reengineered process in order to meet the client and internal commitments on a continuous basis. Reporting: Prepare Volume Tracer, Audit Tracker, Utilization Tracker, Dashboard and SLA Tracker report to the supervisor. Ownership: Always complete the given task before the TAT with accuracy and used to do the QC as well of other team members. Leading KT Session: Took many sessions on call with the client and understand the process or activity. Trainer and Trainee: Give cross training to other resource for creating back up and take the training as well. Innovative: Give many automation ideas which reduce the AHT of the activity and give benefit to the client as well. Work with Different Regions: While working in Accenture I worked in so many countries like Austria, Spain, Germany and UK as well. Prepare the DTP: While RKT session with the client I understand all the activity and prepare many DTP/SOP. Leading Client Call: In Accenture I used to lead call on weekly basis regarding the SOM (State of Mind)  https://www.indeed.com/r/Arpit-Godha/4c363189fbff3de8?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   Whiteboard: Prepare whiteboard to showcase the work status of the team regularly.  Key Responsibilities in Operations: - Creating customer on ADMARC Maintain the customer master data Book the received orders from customers Create delivery for the orders Prepare the AR Aging report Prepare the remittance for the special customers Prepare Pre-notification letter for pending invoices and send to the customers Follow-ups with the customers regarding the pending invoices Prepare the dunning letters for unpaid invoices Apply payment on the customer's account as per the remittance Work on unapplied payments Apply ACH (automatic clearing house) payment Reconciliation between GL account and customer account on month end  Process Executive Infosys  -  July 2013 to February 2016  EDUCATION  B.COM  University of Rajasthan  2011  Senior secondary  2008  SKILLS  TRAINING (2 years), CASH (Less than 1 year), EXCEL (Less than 1 year), SAP (Less than 1 year), WINDOWS 7 (Less than 1 year)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  -  Good communication skills Excellent logical reasoning Innovative and creative Quick learner Good knowledge of tools like (SAP, ADMARC, PPI) Positive attitude to words the problems and solving ability    Projects Completed: -  Reduction in AHT for reports which resulted in $ savings for the client. Reduction in AHT for Pre-notification letter which resulted client &amp; customer satisfaction.  Computer Proficiency: -  Basic Word, Excel and Power Point Presentation Windows XP and Windows 7 Good knowledge of SAP  Professional Trainings Attended: -  Competencies based training: Milestone 2.0, Business communication, Walk the talk, Analytical ability Business Excellence: OTC (Order to Cash) Domain Certification: T100 Quality Based trainings: CTM
[2198, 2239] Arpit Godha Senior Process Executive  Jaipur, Rajasthan - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Arpit-Godha/4c363189fbff3de8  -  To be associated with a progressive and growing organization and utilize my knowledge and skill to add value to self and the organization.  Willing to relocate: Anywhere  WORK EXPERIENCE  Senior Process Executive  Accenture Services Pvt. Ltd -  February 2016 to March 2018  Roles &amp; Responsibilities: - Planning and Organizing: Handling and Planning team activities, priorities and handle contingencies to meet the set goal. Customer Orientation: Builds good report with the customer by understanding and responding to their needs and acting as a trusted advisor. Customer Interaction: Handle escalation at the process level in order to ensure high level customer satisfaction. Analytical Ability: Analyze and resolve the problem by identifying the elements and relationship of a problem in a systematic way. Knowledge and Operation Management: Knowledge of operation to implement the process with guidance and manage day to day operation. Process Reengineering: Participate in the ideation process and produce documentation and train the team on reengineered process in order to meet the client and internal commitments on a continuous basis. Reporting: Prepare Volume Tracer, Audit Tracker, Utilization Tracker, Dashboard and SLA Tracker report to the supervisor. Ownership: Always complete the given task before the TAT with accuracy and used to do the QC as well of other team members. Leading KT Session: Took many sessions on call with the client and understand the process or activity. Trainer and Trainee: Give cross training to other resource for creating back up and take the training as well. Innovative: Give many automation ideas which reduce the AHT of the activity and give benefit to the client as well. Work with Different Regions: While working in Accenture I worked in so many countries like Austria, Spain, Germany and UK as well. Prepare the DTP: While RKT session with the client I understand all the activity and prepare many DTP/SOP. Leading Client Call: In Accenture I used to lead call on weekly basis regarding the SOM (State of Mind)  https://www.indeed.com/r/Arpit-Godha/4c363189fbff3de8?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   Whiteboard: Prepare whiteboard to showcase the work status of the team regularly.  Key Responsibilities in Operations: - Creating customer on ADMARC Maintain the customer master data Book the received orders from customers Create delivery for the orders Prepare the AR Aging report Prepare the remittance for the special customers Prepare Pre-notification letter for pending invoices and send to the customers Follow-ups with the customers regarding the pending invoices Prepare the dunning letters for unpaid invoices Apply payment on the customer's account as per the remittance Work on unapplied payments Apply ACH (automatic clearing house) payment Reconciliation between GL account and customer account on month end  Process Executive Infosys  -  July 2013 to February 2016  EDUCATION  B.COM  University of Rajasthan  2011  Senior secondary  2008  SKILLS  TRAINING (2 years), CASH (Less than 1 year), EXCEL (Less than 1 year), SAP (Less than 1 year), WINDOWS 7 (Less than 1 year)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  -  Good communication skills Excellent logical reasoning Innovative and creative Quick learner Good knowledge of tools like (SAP, ADMARC, PPI) Positive attitude to words the problems and solving ability    Projects Completed: -  Reduction in AHT for reports which resulted in $ savings for the client. Reduction in AHT for Pre-notification letter which resulted client &amp; customer satisfaction.  Computer Proficiency: -  Basic Word, Excel and Power Point Presentation Windows XP and Windows 7 Good knowledge of SAP  Professional Trainings Attended: -  Competencies based training: Milestone 2.0, Business communication, Walk the talk, Analytical ability Business Excellence: OTC (Order to Cash) Domain Certification: T100 Quality Based trainings: CTM
[1789, 1827] arjun ks Senior Program coordinator - oracle India Limited  Bangalore City, Karnataka - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/arjun-ks/8e9247624a5095b4  Seeking a position in a company where I can use my familiarity of the field and my educational background for the profit of the company. My individuality as well as past know-how should help me in causative to the overall intensification of the company.  Snaps  Expertise, Certification and Training  ☑ I am a Post Graduate in MBA with a total work experience of 6.8 years ☑ 3.3 years in IT. Currently working as a Senior Program coordinator. 3.5 years in BPO voice support, ☑ Good work ethics with excellent communication and interpersonal skills. ☑ Capable to delve into the new leading Technologies. ☑ Pro active and self starter with the great ability of leadership. ☑ Ability to work well in both a team environment and individually. ☑ Able to handle multiple projects under tight deadlines. ☑ Able to develop excellent rapport with peers, professionals and managers.  ☑ Trained on PMP (project management professional) Course ☑ Diploma in Office Application {Ms-excel, Ms-word & Ms PowerPoint} ☑ Diploma in Tally 9.0 ☑ Milestone 2.0 from Infosys ☑ Coach the coach from Infosys ☑ Analytical ability from Infosys ☑ Diffusion skills from Infosys ☑ Personality development program from Bouyance ☑ National entrepreneurship network training from NEN  Willing to relocate to: Bangalore, Karnataka  WORK EXPERIENCE  senior program coordinator  oracle -  Bengaluru, Karnataka -  2014 to Present  Managing Oracle’s LMS system and assist all processes supporting Employee/Partner trainings, registrations, and online publication, also provide support for Oracle's LMS systems.  Process Specialist  Infosys -  Bengaluru, Karnataka -  https://www.indeed.com/r/arjun-ks/8e9247624a5095b4?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   July 2011 to December 2014  Responsibility Areas: 〓 Daily, Weekly and Monthly performance monitoring. 〓 Quality monitoring of advisors and to identify area of improvement. 〓 Customer satisfaction monitoring and providing feedback to improve customer experience. 〓 Facilitating interactions with various support functions such as HR, Command centre (work force management team), finance, and transport teams. 〓 Preparing Balance Score Card for the associates. 〓 Matching the contract of the client and rostering agents. 〓 Manage sectors on a shift basis. 〓 Seat utilization plan. (Physical Resource allocation) 〓 Coaching and mentoring the team members to improve on productivity and accuracy. 〓 Holding Process review meetings with the senior management to review performance on an ongoing basis. 〓 Imparting training to team members on regular basis. 〓 Mentor new team leaders on the Floor. Has been a technical training resource for all New Hires including Team Leaders. 〓 Have been conducting the Operations orientation programs for the new joiners on the floor. 〓 Manage escalated customer enquiries / complaints, Share best practices across the 〓 Process & facilitate process improvements initiatives. 〓 Monitoring and evaluating the existing processes, performance and SOPs of each agent against committed SLA’s. Imparting timely feedback and reporting to the India and UK leadership team on process.  EDUCATION  mba in human resource  sikkim manipal university -  Bengaluru, Karnataka  June 2012 to June 2014  B.COM. in Marketing, Accountancy  College Bangalore University -  Bengaluru, Karnataka  2011  SKILLS  PMP trained six sigma yellow belt  LINKS  https://www.linkedin.com/in/arjun-k-s-31388627/  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  Areas of Expertise  https://www.linkedin.com/in/arjun-k-s-31388627/   ☑ Part of Recruitment team to hire process executives for Organization. ☑ Possess excellent interpersonal, communication and organizational skills with proven abilities in team management, customer relationship management and planning. ☑ Able to coordinate with different support teams like Training, MIS, Technology and Quality to successfully implement projects ☑ Able to manage teams as per SOPs (Standard Operating Procedures) ISO […] and ensure compliance to SLA's and international standards. ☑ Overseeing operations and ensuring achievement of desired objectives. ☑ Driving day-to-day functions with key focus on bottom line profitability by ensuring optimal Resource utilization. ☑ People Management & Team Building ☑ Training, development, work allocation & goal setting and performance appraisal of executives. ☑ Putting systemic quality monitoring procedures in place to ensure SLA's are met & exceeded. ☑ Anticipate, organize & present information needed by management & client. Putting Security measures in place to ensure information security & data integrity.  Achievements Multiple appreciations from Managers and Requesters for being customer centric and proactive ☑ Throughout the carrier rating was "Significantly above the peer group" ☑ Received number of appreciation mails from client and as well from management.  Professional Competence ☑ Hardworking Team Player with good communication & interpersonal skills. ☑ Mentored new joiners, organized sessions and training for the process. ☑ Willing to learn new concepts and take up larger responsibilities. ☑ Have good understanding of SLA and how they relate to my performance in order to deliver according to client expectations. ☑ Have working knowledge of staffing practices at the shift level to manage staffing to meet day to day needs. ☑ Have broad understanding of complaint handling guidelines and procedures in use to resolve and/or escalate relevant issues. ☑ Have proactively identified opportunities to exceed goals and targets, recovered from setbacks quickly, and identified newer ways to optimize resources needed to attain objectives.
[2182, 2210] Puneeth R Escalation Specialist - HiPower Support Centre  Bengaluru, Karnataka - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Puneeth-R/bc332220e733906d  To be an asset to my organization by utilizing the recent improving trends and make optimum use of the available resources for the success of the company. More importantly, working harmoniously in a team to bring forth the best from self and everyone.  Willing to relocate: Anywhere  WORK EXPERIENCE  Escalation Specialist  HiPower Support Centre -  June 2015 to Present  Client: Machine Zone (Supporting 3 Games) Roles &amp; Responsibilities: • Escalating tickets to clients, Creating Inquiries regarding the process to receive update from Clients, Providing feedback to Agents regarding Clients Escalations and internal invalid Escalations. Team handling ( Mentor) • Tracking performances of the team members in terms of Production, Quality and CSAT. • Monitoring Queue, Allocating Agents to different queues, Preparing Reports, Process improvements initiatives. • Taking operations training sessions on Gameplay, DSAT reviews, Quality, FTR and Tickets handling. • Maintaining &amp; ensuring stringent adherence to quality standards, identifying gaps and opportunities by live assistance. Handled OJT and Tenured Team. • Handling Supervisor tickets, Lead compensations and Audits.  Sales Associate in Convergys  AT&T -  January 2014 to May 2015  Client: AT&amp;T Roles &amp; Responsibilities: • Addressing Customers Billing Inquiries and upselling over Chat. • Making Calls to customers in case of lead generations.  Process Executive - Operations in Infosys  Cisco -  August 2012 to November 2013  Client: Cisco  https://www.indeed.com/r/Puneeth-R/bc332220e733906d?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   Contd., Roles &amp; Responsibilities: • Assisting Clients over Email and Phone regarding Billing discrepancies and Order Management. • CRM tool experience in Supporting and Reports generation.  Customer Relations Officer in HGS  -  December 2011 to July 2012  Client: MTS • Making calls to customers to review customer satisfaction and upselling. • Handled Escalations from Customers. • Taking Calls to address Customers Inquiries.  EDUCATION  B.E  PES College of Engineering -  Mandya, Karnataka
[2177, 2180] Puneeth R Escalation Specialist - HiPower Support Centre  Bengaluru, Karnataka - Email me on Indeed: indeed.com/r/Puneeth-R/bc332220e733906d  To be an asset to my organization by utilizing the recent improving trends and make optimum use of the available resources for the success of the company. More importantly, working harmoniously in a team to bring forth the best from self and everyone.  Willing to relocate: Anywhere  WORK EXPERIENCE  Escalation Specialist  HiPower Support Centre -  June 2015 to Present  Client: Machine Zone (Supporting 3 Games) Roles &amp; Responsibilities: • Escalating tickets to clients, Creating Inquiries regarding the process to receive update from Clients, Providing feedback to Agents regarding Clients Escalations and internal invalid Escalations. Team handling ( Mentor) • Tracking performances of the team members in terms of Production, Quality and CSAT. • Monitoring Queue, Allocating Agents to different queues, Preparing Reports, Process improvements initiatives. • Taking operations training sessions on Gameplay, DSAT reviews, Quality, FTR and Tickets handling. • Maintaining &amp; ensuring stringent adherence to quality standards, identifying gaps and opportunities by live assistance. Handled OJT and Tenured Team. • Handling Supervisor tickets, Lead compensations and Audits.  Sales Associate in Convergys  AT&T -  January 2014 to May 2015  Client: AT&amp;T Roles &amp; Responsibilities: • Addressing Customers Billing Inquiries and upselling over Chat. • Making Calls to customers in case of lead generations.  Process Executive - Operations in Infosys  Cisco -  August 2012 to November 2013  Client: Cisco  https://www.indeed.com/r/Puneeth-R/bc332220e733906d?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=IN   Contd., Roles &amp; Responsibilities: • Assisting Clients over Email and Phone regarding Billing discrepancies and Order Management. • CRM tool experience in Supporting and Reports generation.  Customer Relations Officer in HGS  -  December 2011 to July 2012  Client: MTS • Making calls to customers to review customer satisfaction and upselling. • Handled Escalations from Customers. • Taking Calls to address Customers Inquiries.  EDUCATION  B.E  PES College of Engineering -  Mandya, Karnataka
